Drage Vukcevich The glistening court beckoned. As Bowie filed onto the hardwood behind 26-year-old guard/stand-up comedian Terry Hosley, general manager John Wolfe — a man with admittedly no basketball experience — looked on from the sideline. Coach Bob Topp, who spent much of the day working 15 miles down the road as a middle-school athletic director, rolled a half-dozen basketballs underneath the hoop with the help of his college-age daughter. Players continued to trickle in, some wearing the business wear of their 9-to-5 existences. TRIAD HAS WON 10 STRAIGHT Traditional menus might include seafood salads, broccoli rabe with clams or anchovy, pasta with anchovies, pasta with lobster, shrimp, crab or clams, and any number of braised and roasted fish. Salt cod (baccala), a staple of many Southern regional traditions, also makes a frequent appearance, sometimes with cauliflower, pine nuts and raisins. The centerpiece for many of these feasts is roasted eel, especially in Rome, where it was sometimes prepared over an open fire. Phil Taylor, Baylor, defensive lineman The first came toward the end of the 2010 season, when he hit himself on the helmet with his bat in frustration after striking out in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. So, while the USGA is stedfast on its insistence that Trump National-Bedminster’s selection as the host for a U.S. Women’s Open is just that — the door appears to be cracked a little bit more now. And that’s all Trump has asked for. “If these men feel they want to be part of the Republican party and work with us, then appeal to the folks. It’s a democratic process. I don’t sway anything,” Pascetta said. It's time to hear what you guys have to say — about everything from big payouts at the Sanford airport to shoddy treatment of veterans. Plus, we have an abundance of strange and funny notes from confused readers. Officials said al-Qaeda intended to detonate a sophisticated underwear bomb on a U.S.-bound airplane around the one-year anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death. CIA operatives seized the bomb before the bomber had selected a target or purchased tickets. Special to Tribune Newspapers But let's take another look at those "regular fees." Decker said the training was a key component. And on the non-buying front, Baltimore neighborhoods can enter the city's "Clean Community Competition" for a chance at winning prizes of $1,000 or $5,000. You've got to apply by April 9, either by calling 311 or downloading the application here. The contest itself begins later that month and runs through October. The Indian-born defendant's name played prominently at the criminal trial earlier this year of Rajaratnam, who was convicted after prosecutors used a trove of wiretaps on which he could be heard coaxing a crew of corporate tipsters into giving him an illegal edge on blockbuster trades. Tickets start at $29.25 and go through $54; four lawn tickets are available for $99 while supplies last. Although one can almost never go wrong with fresh-cut fries, I subbed them out for the house potato salad, which proved another good choice. Cool and creamy, with intriguing, smoky notes, it was not long for my plate. "When you look how we ended the season, once we got Baron, he seemed to galvanize the team and we started playing more like a team. You put a healthy Anderson in there, and a healthy Jamison, and you're pretty competitive. GDP reflects the economy's total output of goods and services. The latest forecast is in line with one issued by the group in November that called for the economy to grow 2.4 percent this year. Others mentioned that a carnival had been in town over the July Just when a style becomes so entrenched it reigns unquestioned, there's a revolution. Take colored tights and open-toe shoes. Asked whether he felt his team was ready for the game, Jones said: "I'd never say that I don't think anybody is ever not ready for a game. Everybody has their own style on how they play, and if they get ready or not. We just have to come out with more fire, especially in day games. I know we're all tired, probably didn't get that much sleep. The same goes for them. You have to come out ready to play and try to get yourself real hyped three hours before the game. That hasn't changed in his latest venture: making custom malt blends for homebrewers that are based on professional breweries' recipes. Arby Little Soldier, who owns the ranch near the North Texas town of Greenville where the calf was killed nearly two weeks ago, says he's excited about the 3,000-pound gift. 2-inch light-colored section of lemongrass <U+0095> Sacramento County, which owns and manages the American River Parkway, is looking to zero-out funding and unload management of its entire regional parks system. Jarrod Parker, one of the A's most high-profile offseason prospect acquisitions, already has hopped into the rotation, and Brad Peacock, another starter from a big winter deal, could be next in line after Oakland's 7-2 loss to the Rays. There were a series of challenge games, 3-point shooting contests and a dunk contest in addition to games throughout the week. With him out and other injuries to the team's defenders, second-string players and walk-ons saw plenty of playing time. That's good from a development standpoint, but it doesn't let fans see how an area of concern has come along since last year. The two first met while working in an environment where the ability to generate a joke was particularly valued: "Da Ali G Show," Sacha Baron Cohen's absurdist HBO series in which political and cultural figures were interviewed by Cohen while he assumed the guises of white rapper Ali G or clueless Kazakh reporter Borat. Rogen was a writer and Reiser was an associate producer responsible for booking guests without revealing that they'd be participating in a comedic sneak attack instead of a real talk show. A couple dozen residents attended the Oak Lodge Community Council's regular August meeting about the issue, so the council decided to schedule a separate meeting, which county planners and church representatives attended. About 150 people attended the special Aug. 30 meeting, which lasted a couple hours and was at times contentious. My second fascination: Derby names. Ratcliff, who skated with the Circle City Derby Girls, said hers was inspired by her career as an art director in journalism. The first daughters are growing up quickly. The president's just getting grayer. His fortune was estimated at $75 million in the early '90s. "It looks like too regular a house to give rise to such a character," Cumming said. His favorite Addams Family character? Gomez. Lugar's words showed why he lost. In the near future, science develops a way to make people stop aging at 25. Pretty sweet, except that everyone is also genetically engineered to only live one more year. They can buy more time, allowing the rich go on living at 25 indefinably, while everyone else's clock runs out. Justin Timberlake plays a man accused of murder, who then sets out to shake up the system, with a hostage Amanda Seyfried in tow. Though, pretty sure Timberlake turned 30 this year... 5 TBB BOGEY CLUB LANE $337,000 <U+0095> All are tradeable: 29% Claudio Marchisio scored in the eighth minute for Juventus, which played with a man advantage after Juan Cuadrado was ejected in the 55th for his second yellow card. The first, airing 8 p.m. Sunday on KMBC, is based on the Mitch Albom best-seller “Have a Little Faith,” about an inspirational rabbi and preacher Albom knew. The Moto Mart was robbed about 24 hours earlier -- about 1 a.m. Sunday. In that holdup, the robber held a gun to the clerk's head. Every time things get horrifying, though, we cut back to the tech wizards who are orchestrating the whole experience. The “scares” are therefore “ironic” and, being safely cordoned off behind these “quotation marks,” aren’t scary. While some of the one-liners are funny, the only reason I could think of to keep watching is to learn what the overarching reason behind the setup might be. When this answer is delivered, though, it’s weak, and it is given in the clunkiest possible way: A new character simply walks onscreen and explains the back story. Worse: It’s a celebrity cameo. Worse still: The “reveal” nullifies everything the protagonists have been trying to do. Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management spokeswoman Keli Cain said the state medical examiner's office confirmed five fatalities in the Woodward area early Sunday. She said she didn't know the gender or age of the victims or details of their deaths but several homes were damaged. More than 8,000 customers were without power in the region. The Kings already were leading 1-0 by the time that fight took place, having taken the air out of the Blues and the building with Richards scoring only 31 seconds into the game, converting a rebound after Penner’s solid drive to the net. The roasted-malt character of this almost-black schwarzbier displays itself with a cocoa-powder aroma. The flavor, however, is not nearly as roasty as the color suggests. The beer's lager yeast, pilsner malt and German hops combine to create a clean-tasting beer with a crisp, dry finish. If you've been fooled by the misconception that dark equals heavy, this beer will set you straight. Available on draft at the brewery and several bars and restaurants around town. At 4.4 percent ABV, you could drink several Black Lagers on St. Patrick's Day. Children are repeatedly encased in pressurized oxygen chambers normally used after scuba diving accidents. This unproven therapy is meant to reduce inflammation that experts say is little understood and may even be beneficial. Sarah: During lunch with Ben’s family, Lindzi was so nervous and kept dropping everything, which made me like her more. I really hope Ben doesn’t pick her because she deserves better. Ben’s sister cornered her and grilled her about Courtney rather than getting to know Lindzi better. Julia hasn’t met Courtney yet and already doesn’t like her! Leiken and council members cited far-reaching budget cuts enacted by the state Legislature, most notably the Estate Tax, which is used for capital improvements, debt service and economic development initiatives. Such pettifogging laws reflect, aside from the joy governments derive from bossing people around, the current rage for regulating political speech lest . . . what? Campaign regulations usually focus on money, supposedly to prevent quid pro quo corruption or the appearance thereof pertaining to candidates. But many laws cover activities involving ballot measures, which suggests that for reformers, limiting political speech is itself the goal. Hence their obsession with political money, most of which funds the dissemination of speech. "They expect my full recovery, as do I," he said in the statement. Essentially, Avnet serves as a middleman between suppliers who produce some of the world's greatest technology and customers who need it. Besides its electronics marketing business, it also offers technology services to businesses. Yesterday, the Marlins slapped a five-game suspension on their manager and Guillen traveled to Miami for a press conference. Stand a pastry bag fitted with a plain tip (No. 6 size) in a drinking glass, then fill bag with batter. Pipe onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper, making 1 1/4-inch circles spaced 2 inches apart. If batter is so thin that it runs out of bag, spoon it onto baking sheets by rounded teaspoonfuls. "They're very effective," Lang said. (HGTV) House Hunters International -- Archie and Erica are moving to New Zealand and will be going green to the extreme. (CC) That request came from hitting coach Rudy Jaramillo. "Rickey Henderson is the best player I've ever played with, and when it comes to stealing bases, he's got Rickey Henderson-type speed," Stewart said. "He's got Frank Thomas-type power. He would be in a class of big power hitters. Why it makes sense: Owner Woody Johnson is a big thinker and has a past record of taking chances with veteran quarterbacks in these kinds of situations, not to mention the Jets are a team still built to win now. Also, there are the trust and leadership issues that have been bouncing around the offense, and no one would quiet the masses like Peyton Manning, one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time. Barret Jackman-Kevin Shattenkirk In between shifts, they spent down time in a chamber that mimics the atmospheric pressure of the underwater abyss. For a while after Sullivan leaves, the relationship continues via frequent letters. Camille follows his progress with pins on a wall map of South America, a situation that is not fated to last, though that doesn't make its ending any less of a jolt. But Moore's counterpart on the Los Altos School District Board of Education said the pending offer fully complies with the order issued by Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Patricia Lucas on March 23. "That hurt us, because you recruit out of your camps," Ninemire said. Even though prospective jurors answered 110 questions in writing in advance, the selection process dragged out over six days as dozens of people were questioned individually in U.S. District Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer's courtroom. Manfre said Gundersen reached his conclusions not from direct knowledge of the steam generators but from reading a report published by engineers from Edison and Mitsubishi in January, before the leak. Pumper, a former D-A-S Construction executive, has said he got favors from Dimora over the years by doing free home improvements and bribing him with cash and gifts. Pumper faces six years in prison for that and other corruption-related schemes. He is now cooperating with federal investigators. Referring to a stock character in commedia dell’arte — the play’s Italian roots — Francis muses, “If the Harlequin, that’s me, has now eaten, what will be his motivation in the second act?” DOUGLAS 57, Pleasant Hill 14 Today, U.S. stocks in industries that depend on a growing economy fell the most. Stocks of raw materials producers in the S&P 500 fell 6.2 percent, as did energy stocks. Industrials fell 6.1 percent. “No one has even breathed the idea that we need to level it all and replace it with Multnomah Village.” Filner initially said it would be available in "about a month" in June 2011. Then it was promised in the fall. When the new year came, he continued to say it would arrive soon. He said he wanted to put it on the June ballot, but the March 9 deadline to do so came and went with no action. “It’s freeing to be ambidextrous,” Travolta says. “You should live up to any challenge and have ego in your work, not the amenities of work, but wanting to be good in what you do.” The interior is more impressive than you'd expect. However, I'm still looking for the story behind the Pinocchio emblazoned on a mirror downstairs and on a mural above the upstairs bar, where he appears to be stuffed in the attic. He's lying on the ground, tied up in strings, and I'm not sure if it's bone and tendon hanging from his foot or mozzarella cheese. Same goes for the iron weights in the next panel. Or is it tomatoes? And what's the picture in the last one? Bill Frazier Hey, Ted: Flynn must be thoroughly evaluated. Here's what I don't like about him: 1. His size and arm strength are not much different from McCoy's. 2. I'm not sure how much he can lift a mediocre team -- a requirement of a true franchise quarterback. I believe his surrounding cast has lifted him. 3. You just never know how a backup will react when he is elevated to the starting job and all the responsibility falls on him. These concerns don't disqualify him, in my opinion, but allaying them would take a lot of research. I do agree if the Browns could find their quarterback outside the draft, they could really make some hay in the draft developing a supporting cast. There have always been women in rock -- does anyone rock harder than Janis Joplin or Tina Turner? -- but it wasn't until punk and indie-rock came along that female rockers came into their own. GARFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio - Garfield Heights' Bulldog hockey program won two championships at the South Bend Cup Tournament. District American Kitchen and Wine Bar: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. May 13 at Mother's Day Brunch. A breakfast bar includes options like a made-to-order omelet station; a raw bar with oysters, seafood and sushi; prime rib; a mac and cheese station and assorted pastries. Assorted sweets and bottomless Bloody Marys and mimosas are offered. An a la carte menu is also available. Reservations required. Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel 320 N. Third St., Phoenix. $29, $14.50 for children, free for age 5 and younger. 602-817-5400. www.districtrestaurant.com. The documents provide a fuller picture of the NYPD's unapologetic approach to protecting the city from terrorism. Eisenstein said he believes that at least one document, the summary of statements about the Danish cartoons, showed that the NYPD is not following a court order that prohibits police from compiling records on people who are simply exercising their First Amendment rights. "In San Francisco, people started to feel uncomfortable that all the laundromats were owned by Chinese people, and so they passed a law that said laundromats couldn't be made out of wood . . . and then began enforcing this law only on Chinese people," he said. He was referring to the private-public partnership (P3) that will be created to design, finance, build, operate and maintain a new public bridge. The P3 (a private company or team of companies yet to be selected) would borrow the money to build the bridge and pay it back through toll revenues. Thus, the money to build the bridge will come from the private investment market. Castilano is an aviation enthusiast from Dayton. Jason Plummer (R) - $111,690 There was also intense training going on at the sushi counter, where customers will be able to pick up pre-made rolls or order something to be made in front of them. Budding sushi chefs were carefully dicing scallions, placing them in small containers and then weighing them. Adam Bowman, a sushi specialist for Wegmans, was leading the pack. Although coastal gardens can look beautiful with whimsical hedge shapes, doing this to desert plants is simply incompatible with our surroundings. More importantly, it erodes their health. When you create large, flattened surfaces with hedge shears, you expose the plant in many ways to our harsh climate. Our desert plants need the multiple layers they create to survive. Almost every piece of new economic data in recent weeks has reinforced the impression that swaths of the European economy are contracting. The menu is modeled on the food eaten in Rho, Italy, offering classic dishes including calamari and muscles, eggplant, Italian sausage and pizza. through the end of May," Geno's letter reads. "Please come and honor all the teachers and staff who have done so much for your children." "When is it going to end?" she asked. Other key players this season are senior outside hitter Jake Husemann, senior middle Patrick Cahalin, senior libero Alex Schneider and sophomore outside hitter Nick Clinton. "Not just Anglo American kind of music or genre. We should bring in a few different ideas and have a few different vocalists. He said that would be easier. I said, 'That's not going to make it easier, Dave. It'd be easier if it were you and me.'" The two eateries, which are sister restaurants, will open the one-of-a-kind joint concept June 1 in anticipation of the BB&T Atlanta Open July 14-22. The store is scheduled to close Aug. 5. In the early days he worked with the Lyric's founding artistic director, Russell Patterson, and later was instrumental in hiring the current artistic director, conductor Ward Holmquist. The S&P 500 rose three points to 1,369. Nobody's more creative than Cheryl Porro, a 34-year-old San Francisco chemical engineer who, one year ago, started a blog called Cupcake Bakeshop by Chockylit. A self-proclaimed baker, she started churning out treats for her family at the age of 8. In a memo to Liebich the engineer expressed alarm about public safety hazards posed by possible data fabrication that had not been detected. Under the new rules, teams cannot practice with pads longer than three hours, and they can only be on the field a total of four hours in a given day. The swift response also reflected a desire to avoid a repeat of the pink slime scare, which erupted when consumers learned some ground meat contained scraps of beef treated with ammonium hydroxide. Thursday, Dec. 1-Saturday, Dec. 3 TOKYO - The Fukushima crisis is eroding years of Japanese efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming, as power plants running on oil and natural gas fill the electricity gap left by now-shuttered nuclear reactors. Sacred Heart Academy, a Catholic school in the Mt. Pleasant School District, has denied the graduating class' keynote speaker the right to speak at the commencement because he is openly gay. M. Carpenter 3b He didn't actually tweet the whole number, leaving a question mark instead of the last digit. That didn't deter fans from trying their best to guess, dialing a whole lot of wrong numbers in the process. “He is the 40th young man Pitman has lost over the years in various wars,” said Campbell. “I don’t know if another town our size has taken a bigger hit. It’s so upsetting. I served in Korea and every loss is like a punch in the gut. I want to stop putting monuments to our young people up in the park.” Additional information about the marriage rally can be found at Support Gay Marriage in Ohio Facebook page, or by calling (513) 367-0223. Because of employee turnover, it behooves a hotel to keep training in the fore. And it behooves the customer to ask and ask and ask again about accessibility features just to be sure. Should it be this way? No. But until the world understands, some of the education process belongs to the customer. And then the customer can impress upon hoteliers that he or she will give business only to those places that go to the head of the class. Oregon's health reforms are supposed to achieve better care at a lower cost. But reduced spending will come from somewhere, which is why the hospital association commissioned the ECONorthwest report. 9 (tie). Austin øMeanwhile, keep on keeping on and you will eventually either get the job that works for you or find your niche in your own business. Once a tree is nominated as a landmark, it would be up to the Urban Forestry Council -- a city board that advises supervisors and the mayor on the state of San Francisco's trees -- to recommend at a public hearing whether to accept or reject the nomination. But the final decision would be left to the Board of Supervisors. Then think cheese. Good fresh mozzarella is not hard to find, but the classic pizza cheese, the one that oozes slightly and gives you that glorious string, is simple, low-moisture mozzarella, available at any grocery store. Or be creative with other cheeses; try Fontina, blue or fresh goat cheese. Then, instantly: Pop! The eyes are open. Congresswoman Jackie Speier addressed the group. She called the sea turtle the "canary in the coal mine," which is the first to perish from a toxic environment. She explained the history of Earth Day and its inception in 1970. "If your plans for athletics don't work out you need to have a back-up plan. You can't accomplish anything without having a strong education. Plus if you are a good athlete that means you are discipline and most likely you will be discipline in the classroom as well." Five minutes into a conversation with Arielle it's clear why her adviser notes, "She's not just brilliant. She's joyous in her brilliance. It's all based in joy and delight." This shop opened a year ago and serves classic savor or sweet French crepes, salads and sandwiches. For dessert crepes, choose the Exotic with toasted shredded coconut, melted dark chocolate, bananas and whipped cream ($7.50). The Pear ($7.75) comes with sliced pears and melted dark chocolate. Or, try the Grand Marnier Flamb<U+FFFD>e ($8.75), with orange syrup, sugar and Grand Marnier. Or, opt for a lush chocolate croissant ($2.75). There's no doubt the recent round of cuts in overtime pay, and the mayor's call to charge drivers $80 a month for parking their private cars in city bus yards, have given rise to tensions within the drivers' ranks. THEFT: On April 3, a juvenile was arrested on the charge of theft under $300. Evacuating neighborhood: Wong has agreed to a bonus of $1.3 million and will report to Class A Quad Cities on Monday. News from the Austin American-Statesman that Texas to the Pac-12 (or 16, or whatever it will be called in the new world) is 'heating up' could prove a good harbinger if Rutgers wants to land on its feet in the ACC (a name that actually could hold up in all the reshuffling). It wasn't that Wood couldn't play defense, it's just that he never felt an urge to try, or at least felt the urge that would be required in East Lansing. Draymond Green knew Wood would need to be schooled in the ways of Michigan State basketball. While the Kirkland has all of the characteristics that make New Zealand sauvignon blanc unique, it's on the tamer end of the spectrum. A zesty, flavorful wine, it's much softer and easier to drink. It has a clean, minerally aroma with layers of zippy lemon, lime and grapefruit flavors. This is a crisp, medium-bodied white with a 13.5 percent level of alcohol and a refreshing acidity. It goes well with the pasta and asparagus recipe and also makes a good pair with fish and chicken. Sharp guitar strumming and a distinct beat arrangement supplemented "Back on the Chain Gang," a song that highlighted the country influences on many of the band's songs. This would make it more difficult for foreign countries to cut production to force up prices. The potentially unreliable countries of North Africa and the Persian Gulf, Venezuela and Nigeria supply a combined total of 5 million barrels a day -- about a quarter of U.S. consumption. That is the amount we ought to replace with an increase in our own domestic production. Tribute to returning veterans, 4:30-9:30 p.m. Meyer Amphitheater, 104 Datura St., West Palm Beach. The family-friendly event includes entertainment, music, food, veterans job fair, ceremonies, guest speakers. Free. Visit WHHPB.org or call 561-400-7194. By then, our Legislature may have passed a law turning our rolling hills into the digital billboard capital of the country. We're hoping one of them will flash a new slogan we'd like to run by you: Hundreds of demonstrators marched from a tent city on a grassy plot in downtown Boston to the Statehouse to call for an end of corporate influence of government. With a pencil and paper, Rivera and her sister, Cindy, traced their stepfather's name from a memorial wall with the names of all the officers etched on it. When we moved into our house, it had an above-ground pool and every spring, frogs would lay egg masses in the water on the cover. I'd recruit my husband and we'd carefully net the gelatinous eggs and painstakingly walk them down a steep hill to a manmade pond, where we'd deposit them. I thought I was helping oodles of future frogs by righting a bad decision their parents had made in egg-laying. Ramona's Kim Whelehon (Southern Arkansas). The play, directed by Beverly Bremers, will give you lots of belly laughs. Tickets are on sale at Clubhouse 3 Box Office. Triplett rattles off the stories in a matter-of-fact tone: Her grandson once got caught in the middle of a gun battle in broad daylight while riding his bike; she had to demolish her garage to keep the drug dealers from using it to peddle their product; a neighbor's windows were smashed with bricks because the home was mistaken for a drug house; drug dealers have stripped their rivals' cars and left them on the street; she had to fence in her yard because drug seekers would mistakenly try to come through her back door. Some are concerned that OCN represents an advocacy site and not a news service. Oregonian Editor Peter Bhatia wrote on Sunday that we have vetted their coverage. OCN is clearly a news model that we haven’t seen before here in Oregon. It seems only fitting that a project like ONN should take a close look at it. Ultimately, their reporting will have to speak for itself. In their first nine games, the Indians hit 16 homers. They haven't hit one in the past 10. It's their longest homerless streak in almost 30 years. They went 14 games without a homer in 1983 from Aug. 10 through Aug. 27. On the other hand, when retailers close stores and lay off workers, that hurts their customer service scores because shoppers report that there are fewer workers around to help them and that "I was waiting in line longer than I usually do," VanAmburg said. From time to time, he would visit home and go out painting in the Delta. As time went on, he became increasingly aware of agricultural machines, some antiquated, some in disrepair, that stood like "sculptural sentinels" on the landscape, as if the sculptor David Smith had visited the Delta and left some of his works behind. "Didn't miss a single home game in 2008 and made it to the majority in 2009 despite having moved to Washington, D.C.," he said. The White House, in its statement supporting the legislation, pointed out there was common ground between the package and proposals for encouraging startups that Obama made in an address to Congress last September and in legislation he sent Congress last month. It's thin, it's light, it's fast and it even has a better camera than previous models. With a battery that lasts a good nine to 10 hours, it's the best electronic travel companion and beats carrying a much bulkier laptop. "Many times if you wait until the adult age to correct a cross-bite, it can involve a surgical procedure by an oral surgeon to free up the segments of bone, whereas if we correct them early, the bones are pliable, and it's corrected easily and non-surgically," says Rogers. Booker also noted that despite putting up the bulk of the money to build the arena, the city has no seats for big events. A few of the top acts will provide deja vu for local fans. The Red Hot Chili Peppers are booked for a Chicago area show barely more than two months before Lollapalooza (May 28 at the Allstate Arena). The Black Keys just played the United Center in mid-March. Bassnectar has two shows this weekend at the Congress Theater. Meanwhile, Childish Gambino, fun., and SBTRKT are booked for Chicago clubs within the next few weeks. Within days of the call, the violation was dismissed. The driver of the Lexus and his passenger were hospitalized with what the report termed "moderate" injuries. The February 2012 Board of Education vote to approve the final version of the sale contract was again unanimous. Now at last the fun and exciting work can begin to restore this historic house, to interpret the lives of local 18th Century people and to promote knowledge of conflicts with Britain which led some American colonists to declare independence while others remained loyal in 1776. The 1759 Vought House non-profit corporation is eager to meet this new challenge and to expand our educational partnership with the Clinton Township school district in the years ahead.” There were shouts of "What are you doing?" and "Go in! Go in!" as some of the people were pushed away from the entrance. Goodby, Silverstein is part of the Omnicom Group of ad agencies, while McCann Erickson is part of Interpublic Group. "I'd like to say I was courageous, but honestly it was terrifying," Booker said. He said he feared he wasn't going to make it out alive, and called it a "come to Jesus moment." The OTS conducted the review in March and interviewed 733 car drivers and 560 motorcyclists. Of course, it's precisely in these desperate moments that things become most fascinating, because we have no choice but to set our preconceptions aside. "I'm interested," Weschler says, "in what it's like when people or places suddenly catch fire." This can be an aesthetic process or it can be political, or, as in the case of "Vermeer in Bosnia," it can be both. It's also a pretty good description of Weschler's own approach to writing, which is, by turns, literary and journalistic, an idiosyncratic mix of the reported and the inferred. 1979: A 19-year-old Johnston forms Jerry Johnston Ministries and begins making a living as a traveling evangelist. He soon gains national prominence by going on speaking tours and sponsoring evangelical crusades. There are a few obvious now-we-can-finally-do-it items for a second term. At the top of the list: completing the president's pathetically slow evolution on same-sex marriage. Vivid Entertainment founder Steven Hirsch tells L&S that a sex tape with Snooki could fetch as much as $3 million. Phil Humber of the White Sox tossed a perfect game against the Seattle Mariners on April 21. Kelly, who is of Irish-Catholic descent, thanked the pope for his kind words. His wife, U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, had surgery to repair her skull Wednesday, four months after being shot in the head at a political event in Tucson, Ariz. She was nearly killed, yet managed to attend her husband's launch Monday. 2 cups fresh cranberries, halved. Batum says he usually ends up locking on one player when watching Dallas game film. But Saturday, Curry -- joined by his wife and mother -- was lending his fame to a local cause. The National Recreation and Park Association and Sprite awarded a $20,000 grant to refurbish the basketball courts at Brookdale Park. (Oakland's DeFremery park is next up for a grant, depending on how many votes it gets at www.SpriteSparkParks.com.) Davis also has been an active campaigner. The retired sheriff's deputy, who lost the 2006 election for sheriff, stepped down as Southport police chief at the start of the year. 14 Clifton Leake Missouri Mexico lures many with its legal drinking age of 18, rather than the usual 21 in the U.S. And tour operators and resort companies woo students by assembling packages that bundle airfare, lodging, meals, access to "VIP" rooms and often drinks as well. Wander into any spring-break zone and you'll find that even the most scantily clad celebrants are sporting color-coded plastic bracelets to affirm their party privileges. (And even if spring-breakers don't buy a tour operator's package, in Mexico they're likely to find clubs that charge $25 to $35 for admission, then serve beer at no charge.) Beautifully intricate necklaces showcase attention to detail, as well as fantastically original designs. Animals populate the galleries, from flattened gold bats to bird-shaped pendants, lizards and slithery snakes. Nearly all of the artifacts in "Sacred Gold" were created between 500 B.C. and 1700 A.D. and are well preserved. "I had a conversation at recess one day with a girl who was new to our school," said Mary Mayfield, the School 90 teacher. "She said, 'You know how it's really easy to get in trouble here? At my old school it was really hard to get in trouble.' It's because we care so much. We're on them." Hayes is the owner and chief executive of Applied Technology Systems Inc., which lost control of the federal job-training center in February, after defaulting on a $2.7 million bank loan that's since been repaid. The company, according to recent court papers, is nearly insolvent and was in financial trouble last year. And Hayes continues to face scrutiny from the federal government, which says his company overcharged it for expenses at job training centers. Also, companies that provided services to the job center are owed thousands of dollars. 16520 SW Jesse Ct; 2,152 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $290,000 4. Preemptive war Library cards. Contact the library right away. Request a new card number to prevent a thief from permanently checking out DVDs and other materials in your name. Some libraries hold you responsible for any items checked out before you reported your card missing. Helen and Leila Walker, Berkeley Annie is as engaging as she is generous, full of opinions earned by living life at full throttle, even when she was scared to death. And that is a crucial truth about Annie Glenn. Americans rightly "ooh" and "ahh" over John Glenn's courage in space, but let us never forget the hero of a wife who gave her public blessing, and then privately prayed until his safe return. Frederick 2, Roosevelt 1 However, Stein's decision was nonbinding. And Matthew Giacobbe, the school's labor attorney, told the trustees that firing Lawrence was justifiable The series focuses on Colorado because the state is rare in that it allows marijuana businesses to operate for profit, and the number of patients requesting medical marijuana in the state has soared from just a couple thousand to more than 127,000 in 2011. An occasionally by-the-numbers, often moving documentary about the Youth America Grand Prix, a U.S. ballerina competition, "First Position" stirs memories of the spelling-bee doc "Spellbound." The young subjects compete for scholarships and potential careers, and in several instances, the journey they've traveled is evident in their drive. Their devotion to their art is admirable, and the film gets under the skin, if never really in our blood. “The program provides a good platform to open up and talk about feelings,” one father said. Ameer Gado, one of Allen's attorneys, noted Friday that Koster did not dispute the new evidence - just how it should be applied. The renaissance of Shaker Square as a food destination seems to be in full swing. Chef Sergio Abramof's Sarava anchors the culinary delights to be found on the northeast quadrant. Inspired by the flavors of the chef's native Brazil, Sarava's cuisine fills a rare niche on the local dining scene. Traditional dishes such as feijoada (a rich black-bean stew with sausage and pork) and xim xim(a slow-braised stew of chicken, shrimp, coconut milk and peppers) are as authentically exotic to our palates as they are satisfyingly homey. The "street plates" are where the menu really shines. It's easy to fill a table, tapas-style, with dishes such as tamale cakes, artichoke fritters, chicken passarinho (pan-seared chicken morsels in a garlic-scallion sauce). The substantial and spicy stewed calamari plate is practically a meal in itself. Sarava also delivers a sexy and foreign-seeming atmosphere, especially in the dimly lit, high-ceilinged bar area. South American beats provide the perfect soundtrack for sipping a caipirinha cocktail and nibbling the night away. øFlorida State received 23 first-place votes from the 31-coach panel. Kentucky, unranked to start the season, moved up to No. 2, followed by Texas A&M, Florida and Stanford. Again it's appropriate because under London, Ubuntu continues to provide an alternative view of how good vegetarian cuisine can be. You know, we actually had the opportunity where we all met as a cast, as a family, and had dinner together. Longtime Highland Park residents like Karen Thompson also called on the school district to examine its relationship with the service provider. Bell, founder of Gremln.com, was among 12 St. Louis entrepreneurs seeking money Wednesday at an event sponsored by Capital Innovators, where jeans were the uniform of the day, and one of 43 presenters Thursday at the more formal InvestMidwest venture capital forum. Snyder’s single was the first of eight hits in 15 at-bats with runners in scoring position against Brian Matusz and two relievers. Snyder, who was acquired from the Orioles on Jan. 3 for cash considerations, added a three-run homer in the sixth for a 7-0 lead and became the third rookie in club history with a six-RBI game after an RBI single in the ninth. Gillis launched a 42-date North American tour last year with a sold-out concert at Cleveland's House of Blues, bouncing up and down maniacally as he triggered music samples with a laptop computer. Members of his crew showered the gyrating crowd with everything from water to giant balloons to confetti. Spotlights bathed the club in neon light, strobes flickered and a large screen flashed video-game-style graphics. "Making predictions about overall insects surviving or not can be kind of tricky," Hodgson said. Academic bio: Illinois State Scholar ... National Honor Society ... Silver Medallion Award ... Scholastic Achievement Award ... received Academic Achievement letters (three years) ... high honor roll (four years) ... 4.0 GPA. Malcolm Gladwell had another sensational year at The New Yorker. In May, he wrote "Creation Myth" on the creativity chain - the differences between theorists, inventors and implementers. In February, he wrote "The Order of Things," a devastating takedown of the U.S. News and World Report and other college and university rankings. The perception of the Beltline as a worthwhile but local project lingers among those outside the city. Terron Ward: B- His employees revere him, and ASI's flat management structure keeps Auer close to his troops. He can come across as almost the reluctant CEO with a whiff of the laid-back California "dude," but ASI's steady profits and performance — even in the dicey Florida property insurance market — suggest otherwise. Now that would be a real train wreck. Monday's win was a product of the pace, power and athleticism that runs through this City side. City dominated possession and got the majority of chances, scoring on Vincent Kompany's 45th-minute header of a corner by David Silva. United failed to register a single shot on goal. In August 2007, Nautilus ousted Chief Executive Gregg Hammann amid a plummeting stock price and slumping sales of its Bowflex and Nautilus exercise machines. Hammann was replaced temporarily by Robert Falcone, a former Nike chief financial officer. French Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Friday that having a parliamentary commission study the issue would be a "good way" to find out how extensively burqas and niqabs are worn in France – and what response might be adequate. And a handful noted that despite their own relatively good fortune in 2009, they were compelled to address economic setbacks experienced by their employees' kin. Hendricks, currently the state’s acting deputy education commissioner, will not have the power to set tuition or approve degree programs. But she will serve as an advocate for higher education within the governor’s cabinet at a time when the state’s public colleges and universities are dealing with years of funding cuts. For others, it is the sanctity of the township’s Master Plan that is at stake. Some fear that if a variance is granted to one family, others will expect to get the same treatment and the entire Master Plan would become pointless. Skype said its platform, with 145 million users a month and Compared to last year, Sporting didn't earn its fourth victory until June 25 or its 12th point until June 17th. When we think of National Historic Landmarks, what comes to mind are buildings that were saved only after being threatened with the wrecking ball. In some cases, the directors gave their stars confidence. (Judy Garland, always crushingly insecure, never looked lovelier or acted more confidently than in the pictures made by her husband, Vincente Minnelli.) In some cases, they dialed that cockiness back a bit (only William Wyler truly knew how to keep Bette Davis in check). They should save their energy. They are better off trying to understand Jackson himself. When: July 14-15 "Instead of saying throw all the chemicals out, we should be teaching people how to use them in a safe fashion," he said. "Nail polish has been used safely for decades." Country B: See all the flabby humanoids driving to the 7-Eleven for a 64-ounce Super Big Gulp? The largest cities here have upward of 300 McDonald's, three times as many as all of Country A. Add in the Burger Kings, Taco Bells and KFCs. A third of adults are obese, and another third overweight. More than twice as many folks here have Type 2 diabetes. The disease -- also called adult-onset diabetes -- is even beginning to be reported among children, practically unheard of in Country A. share their fashions with top stylists for weeks before the By flipping the turkey during cooking, the flavors permeate the meat while keeping it moist and juicy. The budget for the room (excluding the cost of two splurge items: a brown leather sectional and big-screen TV) was $1,500. WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republicans who control the House are using cuts to food aid, health care and social services like Meals on Wheels to protect the Pentagon from a wave of budget cuts come January. Sen. Barbara Buono (D-Middlesex) said the report cleared up the issue that arose at last month’s budget hearing. Former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner responded to Bush directly by tweeting: "Unfortunately it's not about the violence, but the intent & integrity of game that goes with it!" Go, but don't fly. George Hobica, founder of low-cost-seeking Airfarewatchdog.com, suggests taking a cruise from the West Coast. Cruises can be an inexpensive vacation option, he says, but you'll lose that bargain edge if you "drink too much, gamble too much or have too many facials," he notes. NEW YORK — Nearly 11 years after the Sept. 11 attacks, family members of some of the victims will watch via closed-circuit TV today as the self-proclaimed mastermind of the attacks and four co-defendants are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Great bartending always has incorporated some out-there experimentation, and when you look at cocktail menus at places like Ten-01, Saucebox and The Gilt Club, there always are flavor combinations that seem like they don't make any sense but work miraculously. 9 miles from the coast, its Pete Dye-designed course "basks in 300 days of annual sunshine." It also offers discounts to California residents. ((831) 625-9500 - www.carmelvalleyranch.com) Every year, more than 1 million Americans with cardiovascular disease have stents inserted to prop open clogged arteries leading to the heart. Overall, these stenting procedures are highly effective, but a minority of patients can develop complications. "It was a broken play," said John Whisenant, the Liberty's third coach in three seasons. "We wanted to get it in to Plenette or Nicole (Powell), and it got deflected to Sidney Spencer. She's a great shooter. She can make an open shot." Early next year, the Safeway that has stood since 1963 at 2800 S.E. Hawthorne Blvd. will be torn down. The 33,000-square-foot building, set back from Hawthorne by a parking lot, will be replaced by a 54,000-square-foot structure built to the sidewalk over an underground parking lot. At that size, it will be bigger than the Safeway at Southeast Cesar E. Chavez and Powell boulevards. California pot growers Aaron Johnson and Taylor Kitsch try to fend off Mexican invaders in Oliver Stone's "Savages" (July 6), co-starring John Travolta, Benicio Del Toro, Blake Lively and Salma Hayek. DVT: Yes, I was. I was going through a period of my wearing underwear as outerwear. I worked in a store in Irvine called Lady Ruby's Lingerie, and that's what started my obsession with lingerie. "I didn't go out there and slam it," she said. "I felt we definitely needed change." That's gotta hurt. “The Expendables 2” Your taxpayer dollars at work ... Pearce may be gone from the Legislature, but he's far from forgotten. Green Park "If it was criminal, the case would die upon the death. In a civil action, though, that's a claim that could extend to the estate," said Ellis, who practices at Porter Wright in Cleveland. Dan Stamper, president of the Morouns' bridge company, said the family has interest in many public issues beyond stopping a second span. There's something about playing the Orioles that brings out the best in the Rangers. In August 2007, Texas set a modern-day scoring record in a 30-3 rout at Camden Yards. ELIZABETH — Elizabeth’s seemingly eternal flame, an 8-alarm fire smoldering since Wednesday, continues to burn today, but firefighters have arrested its growth, the city’s mayor said. Four seniors will almost ensure that it won't happen again. Plummer, whose family owns the R.P. Lumber empire, has been rumored to be pondering a run at the seat. His campaign confirmed it today in an emailed announcement. The statement said Plummer's bid will focus on "getting government out of the way of small businesses so the U.S. economy can get moving forward again." Former Ravens coach Brian Billick said the regular season can be a time for extremes, but the playoffs are a time for balance, for the down-and-dirty work. Kipps persists, and soon discovers the joint is haunted by the titular apparition (Liz White), whose son was taken by the mansion’s owners and eventually wandered off into the marshes, never to be seen again. The entrepreneur - it turns out she has a Ph.D. from Harvard, as well - checks out Pace with quick serious interest. Tell any small retailer that story and they'll shudder. The highest of six bids for the work was $3.2 million. The balance is due partly to Missouri paying less in tax refunds than it did in the previous year. But the state also saw growth in tax collections. Sales and use taxes were up 3.8 percent compared with the same point in the 2011 fiscal year. Individual income tax collections were up 2.8 percent compared with the previous year. A bespectacled, white-bearded man, Coppedge never hid his embrace of intelligent design. He maintained a website dedicated to it and sat on the board of Illustra Media, which produces intelligent design DVDs. He tried to get his co-workers to watch at least two of them: "Unlocking the Mystery of Life" and "The Privileged Planet." Investors were encouraged by a speech by German Chancellor Angela Merkel. She said the 17 nations that use the euro currency must quickly restore market confidence by making financial controls stricter. Stocks in Germany are up 1.3 percent. Giusti's research on anthocyanins and other phytochemicals also involves the best way to process and store these compounds. She says one of the good things about the dark-colored juices is that you can immediately tell when their active components -- the anthocyanins usually -- have gone bad. If you see a pomegranate or acai juice that's turned from a bright red to a dull brown, for example, pass it up. Cardinal, from Australia, Bunbury at Sponsor: Kathy Kramer Consulting Q. Do some spectators get out of hand? The proposal is an alternative to bipartisan legislation expected soon from Democratic Reps. Peter DeFazio and Kurt Schrader, and Republican Rep. Greg Walden. Details haven't been outlined, but the Oregon congressmen propose dividing the O&C forestland into two trusts. Half would be preserved and half would be managed for timber production and county revenue. Just cold, hard truth. Like the GoRuck Challenge. Guarini unwittingly played a key role in the investigation, shifting it from what had primarily been a money laundering probe into a wide-ranging political corruption case. The officer responsible for the breached area has been reassigned to non-screening functions during the investigation, Davis said. New Orleans, which converted on a whopping six of eight third-down opportunities in the second half, went to an empty-backfield set, and the Texans reacted as if they had never seen the formation. Speaking of Ninkovich, his offside penalty was obviously a killer. New England could’ve had the ball at midfield but that flag allowed the Giants to move the ball to the Pats’ 43 before punting. Ohio Department of Commerce Director David Goodman attributed last year's sales increase to an improving economy. Maybe, but liquor sales didn't suffer much in recent years when the state was in the grips of a national recession. Doutt and her husband, Steve, have two adopted dogs, Otis and Sydney. 1 1/2 cups Sauvignon Blanc or other white wine The home run that Jackson took away was the second time on the night that Jones came up just short. In the fifth inning, he hit a laser off the wall that missed going into the bullpen by less than a foot; he settled for a double. ‘I wanted to get my hair cut short anyway, but I made it a little shorter so that I could make a wig for Oma (Cassie’s grandmother who has cancer). She doesn’t have any hair.’ The brothers said they weren't intimidated by 10,000-foot Colorado, having previously skied in the state more than a dozen times on family trips. In other words, show them the right way. Violators face a $40 fine, but no points on their driving record. Oregon do-it-all junior forward Amanda Johnson, who averaged 15.6 points and 8.2 rebounds for the Ducks, was also named Honorable Mention. Chile -- Santiago because I was born there. Ibiza, Spain because it’s beautiful! Schmidt led the Bonnies in March to their first Atlantic 10 tournament title and their first NCAA tournament berth since 2000. Not all passengers are nice. Perugachi recalled one man who actually yelled at him because he did not like his music. Striking at an opponent without intending to annihilate his ability to resist (by either conventional or unconventional means) is like waterskiing without skiis. What seems a way to save trouble and expense and keep our options open, is a formula for getting in over our heads, whether we're talking Cuba and Vietnam or Afghanistan and Libya. Brickowski said he's studied the parallels between retired athletes and retired military personnel. "I had a high-ranking military officer tell me, 'The higher the ranking, the more difficult the transition.' And that's the same with professional basketball. As soon as you retire, no one could care less about you." postseason defeat (Game 2's 10-point loss in Miami) put them in a tie with the Memphis Grizzlies for the dubious record. In the back of the lot is a 120-foot-tall white tube with a cross attached - a cell tower. Pleasantly chewy dough wraps around a meaty filling in tortelloni ($12), but the little dumplings are really just carriers for the thin, creamy mascarpone sauce with nibbles of asparagus and peas and leaves of prosciutto. The dish, while nice, was so filling that the portion seemed too large. A more frightening accident occurred on Lap 22 when Marco Andretti slammed into the back of Graham Rahal's car, sending Andretti briefly into the air and then into a tire barrier. Rahal finished 24th and Andretti 25th. Those numbers are commendable to be sure, but even more so are the driving dynamics I enjoyed while obtaining them. In the smaller Nissan Versa, for example, I averaged a very good 38.3 mpg, but that car was about as flavorful as cottage cheese. In the revamped and very well thought-out Hyundai Elantra, which is also rated at up to 40 mpg highway, I averaged 31.3 mpg. Even the latest Honda Civic I drove didn't match that, returning an observed 32.7 mpg with a less-powerful engine. To learn more about the Hunterdon County Rug Artisans Guild, see their website at hcrag.com. The Guild offers a range of programs along with monthly meetings and welcomes those new to the craft of rug hooking as well as those looking to refine their techniques. She was also a member of the Flight Instructor Hall of Fame at Oshkosh, Wis., the Kentucky Aviation Hall of Fame -- she was a Corbin, Ky., native -- and the Tennessee Aviation Hall of Fame. "Texaco couldn't come up with enough cash, but it wasn't insolvent in any balance sheet sense," Eisenberg said. "It was an isolated problem that was solved through bankruptcy." He said to businessmen: <U+0093>Ask yourselves what you can do to bring jobs back to your country, and your country will do everything we can to help you succeed. We should start with our tax code.<U+0094> "The idea is to have lawyers moving across state borders with greater ease," said Erica Moeser, president of the National Conference of Bar Examiners. "That's a huge benefit to new law graduates in these economically uncertain times." Redwoods, ginkos, mulberry and cypress trees will frame views of the park and bandshell, now fully visible from the de Young Cafe. The scheduling of the Nebraska game, in the Cornhuskers' second season as a Big Ten member, is no surprise. The Buckeyes' visit to Lincoln last season, a 34-27 loss on Oct. 8, was a night game, also. 2. Emilio Bonifacio, CF She said the inclusion of this community plan is a departure from what has been done with other community plans, such as Perryman's, which is simply referenced. Jerry said the outdoor room has become one of their favorite spots, especially for watching college football. We got a taste of that last week. It seems that Texas Pacific Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts have jammed so much debt down the gullet of a Texas utility, the company is having difficulty making its bond payments. Texas Pacific and KKR bought TXU Corp. for $45 billion. No biological or emotional explanations were needed, Skinner insisted. Getting hooked was merely a learned behavior, the result of repetition and reward. "While drug abuse is bad, the drug war is far worse," Nolan wrote. "Drug prohibition has been an outright policy failure." One of the best appetizers is the Napoleon ($10) that features layers of sage polenta, tomato confit, eggplant, zucchini, red pepper piperade and a cap of goat cheese, all molded in a cylinder. It's kind of a New Age ratatouille; the fresh flavors evoke the Provencal countryside. Dessert find of the year: Bread pudding at EaT: An Oyster Bar. Bread pudding is sometimes more likely to sink you than a certain iceberg that brought down a certain ship. But the lone dessert at this New Orleans-style oyster house is a floatable beaut: warm, plumped full with succulent bing cherries and graced by a translucent whisky-soaked sauce. (3808 N. Williams Ave.; 503-281-1222; eatoysterbar.com) High unemployment, soaring gas prices and mortgage crisis be hanged: Americans are spending more than ever on the really important things, like the high school prom. He had received word from a local priest in Old Bridge that a woman with very bad rheumatoid arthritis was destitute. The church, he said, was struggling to keep supporting her. Kotchman has not played since March 9 after suffering from lower back stiffness. He's missed seven games. "She had such a huge impact on me and was one of the major reasons why I wanted to be an Olympian," Vonn says. "She was so positive and charismatic. I definitely met people who were not friendly, and that traumatized me." <U+25CF> Magic SG J.J. Redick saw an opportunity for some humor with Howard repeating as the NBA's top defensive player. "I think we should get some credit for him winning Defensive Player of the Year," Redick joked. "For me, I've just funneled my man to him all year." McKenzie’s absence was felt on both sides of the ball. Behind its mammoth offensive line, Lincoln ran all over Clinton, running back Kareem Folkes and quarterback Jessel Jones combining for 262 yards, 155 from Folkes, and three touchdowns. "It was filmed in November, and it was magic," Bruno says. "This was the Depression, and ... there was no Fairyland, there was no Disneyland. There was no color in people's lives. But the Munchkin set, it was miraculous." Michelle Cristel, sr., O'Fallon Two of my children have been away from home for several years, yet they still show up as active voters on the rolls at our precinct, despite my telling officials there that my children have left home. Illinois doesn't have plans to expand availability of its records soon. "We still have the Big Lots shoppers who have known and loved us for many years, but we have also been seeing new faces coming into Big Lots in the last couple of years," Fink said. The series continues next week with meetings in south Phoenix and Maryvale. City leaders expect the upcoming sessions to generate the greatest response before formal recommendations are made to City Council in October. Payouts to cover clients' claims from ... Today, his vast frame of reference is reflected in his Princeton office, where he is surrounded by hundreds of faces on book covers. An image of the slain rapper Tupac Shakur sits below one of Rosa Parks. Angela Davis (and her famous afro) rests between Johannes Brahms and William Saroyan. On another shelf, Dick Gregory perches next to Joan Didion. There are plenty of books about and by his heroes — people like Vaughan, Coltrane and Toni Morrison. "Peter was in the right place at the right time," Redfearn said. "He's a calm man who doesn't get rattled." But there were differences that showed up from the very first question when Robert Harton, an Indianapolis real estate agent, asked why gasoline prices are so high and what could be done to lower them. Keep in mind that the Midwest itself is something of a venture-capital backwater, attracting just 5 percent of the money invested nationwide. So not only are we no threat to create a Silicon Valley on the Mississippi; we can't even keep up with the likes of Wisconsin and Indiana. "The tablets use a touch-screen and can function as an eReader, but students can also connect to the internet through the District Wi-Fi network," the district's technology director, Richard Wilson, said in a news release from the district. "They can also access the District moodle intranet where they can have peer to peer interaction to talk about different books and authors." It's a good reason why so many homeowners feel wronged by the big banks and why many eyes will be on Oregon Attorney General John Kroger as he reviews a proposed multi-billion-dollar settlement between state attorneys general and the nation's five largest servicers. Keep an eye here for more details. Other AGs are reviewing it as well. Already, California and Delaware reportedly have rejected the proposal. Sajid recently handed out campaign brochures after a popular weekly prayer service at the mosque. The pamphlets were slathered in colorful drawings of U.S. flags and the bullet points of his conservative political platform: support existing businesses, no local property tax, protect property rights by repealing an ordinance that threatens a $1,000 fine for leaving snow on private property sidewalks. He has sent more than 900 brochures through the mail and hopes to follow up with calls during his lunch breaks. They eat lots — lots! — of fruits and vegetables. (Gibson encourages them to make sure they sample a wide range.) Wide receivers and more trades were trendy on the final day of the draft, which ended when Indianapolis selected North Illinois quarterback Chandler Harnisch as Mr. Irrelevant - 252 picks after taking Andrew Luck to open the proceedings. Beane and the A's, however, should expect nothing but Ramirez's best effort. Earning just enough money to keep his million-dollar shoes polished this season, Ramirez should use every at-bat in 2012 as a public audition for any American League teams looking for a designated hitter next season. Shares of Barnes & Noble jumped $10.82, or 79.1 percent, to $24.50 in premarket trading. Microsoft's stock shed 12 cents to $31.86. 8. Harpoon Brewery-Mass Bay Brewing Co., Boston "We will do our utmost to see to it that your daughter is picked up and dropped off and do our utmost to see to your daily needs. You can't go out for these next few days," she quoted the agents as saying. This is a strange thing to say about Franzen. In his interviews and his essays, he's always seemed both grumpy and indecisive, a person who knows how he's coming across and still can't quite help it. That Harper's essay, for example, ends on a mildly optimistic note, but its most memorable lines arrive much earlier, when Franzen is savaging America's politics and pop culture. His best essays don't offer final thoughts so much as they reveal the process of thinking. It's what makes them so good - and so easy to argue with. Turns out Bowens suffered a season-ending ACL injury to the knee that will require surgery and a long rehabilitation. Grendell, who has met numerous times with police and fire groups, said that today he will today introduce 17 amendments to the bill. He hopes that union groups notice that not all Republicans are taking a hard stance against them. 4. Pine Creek beat Palmer 44-3 (Thursday) Police said the passenger and suspected shooter was described as 20 to 30 years old with a medium build and shoulder-length hair that was braided into cornrows. Police said he wore a black T-shirt with a white design. Santorum is only the most recent candidate to take a turn in the spotlight championing issues that have nothing to do with the economy or the nation's ability to remain strong globally. Roy's Chicago, 720 N.State. Celebrity chef Roy Yamaguchi shows off his culinary skills when he and chef Rhett Dukes prepare a five-course dinner in honor of the restaurant's 10th anniversary 5-8 p.m. March 27; $110. Yamaguchi will visit with guests during the event. Call (312) 787-7599; roysrestaurant.com. Arivaca is about 60 miles south of Tucson and 10 miles north of the Mexican border. Largely rural, homes are widely spread across the desert. That was as far as he got. Manning's voice broke. His head dropped. Emotion flooded the remainder of his remarks: "The only professional football I've known is Colts football. Our team won a lot of games here. I played with so many great teammates here and I've been part of a great organization here, an organization and an owner who I respect and continue to respect. Tressel wasn<U+0092>t surviving this. There was no way. He blatantly lied to his superiors and NCAA investigators, breaching explicit terms of his contract. But Tressel became leverage for the university with the NCAA. His bosses defiantly stood by him. Forcing out a coach they so staunchly supported just weeks earlier <U+0096> and who was so successful against the Buckeyes<U+0092> arch enemy <U+0096> sends another signal to the NCAA that Ohio State is sternly policing itself, purging the program of the root of the compliance problems. 6 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard "It was pretty exciting being able to talk to him for a minute or two," she said. Then there's the business story. The first Apple had become, in the minds of the people running it and its investors, a computer company—one riven over whether to follow Bill Gates's advice and license the Macintosh operating system and make a living raking in fees from clone makers. Simons has been unable to work as an electrician since last fall, and Kenney wanted to help him financially. “They continue to come after the working conditions and student learning conditions provided for in our contract,” Rosenau said. It's unclear from the report when, but at some point the bloodhound bit Danica Metcalf, 27. Attempts to contact her were unsuccessful. Details: 9 p.m. Saturday, March 31. Yucca Tap Room, 29 W. Southern Ave., Tempe. $10-$12. 480-967-4777, yuccatap.com. “Our main concern is to provide a safe environment for the populace that will be attending the open house,” Master Sgt. Anthony Jones, 87th Security Forces Squadron police services superintendent, told the paper. That is the real truth about compensation in Silicon Valley. Nobody is about to let a few pesky facts get between them and the trough. The theater, located at 43917 Pacific Commons Blvd., is now open daily 11 a.m. to midnight. "I just told him to be safe. He said, 'I will. See you when I get back,'" said Wohlberg, who recalled attending barbeques at the Bales' home. But Chris Bridges is dead serious about his acting career, and if you think otherwise, well, you're just being ludicrous. "About $100 a month," Ismael says. "Maybe $1,200, $1,300 a year. Goes into the kids' college fund." 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Using a melon baller or a small spoon, scoop or scrape out and discard the seeds from the zucchini halves, creating long, narrow canoes. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt, garlic powder and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then place hollow sides up on a baking sheet. In keeping with the home's Cal-Arizona laid-back vibe, Sharron brought garden furniture indoors: old marble table bases are just as pretty in modern dining rooms as they were in European courtyards, she says. (It helps, of course, that her garden furniture shop is without peer.) EUGENE -- Shadrack Biwott and Luke Puskedra fought their way onto exclusive top-10 lists, and Jenny Barringer obliterated the meet record Friday night in an eventful first full day of the Oregon Relays at Hayward Field. Mexican dress: Genevieve Barrios Southgate, assistant director of education at Bowers Museum, will present a program on the history and traditions of Mexican dress. Johnny Depp dons fangs for "Dark Shadows" (Friday), the Tim Burton film based on the '60s vampire soap opera. Snow White turns up on screen in her second incarnation this year (following "Mirror Mirror"), this time played by Kristen "Bella" Stewart, in "Snow White and the Huntsman" (June 1). "It made them super rich and moist, and it did lend that fruity and almost berry-like flavor of zinfandel," Morales said. "It's hitting the fan in my district, and people are extremely upset because of the spiking of their bills," said City Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke, who has been calling for reform of the Bureau of Water and Wastewater. "We were contacted by 200 people from Ednor Gardens-Lakeside last month alone." Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, who lost to Walker by six percentage points in 2010, is the establishment pick for the May 8 Democratic primary. He leads three other primary candidates by double digits, according to the latest polls. He has the support of most prominent elected officials in the state and, in a sign of his standing, Republicans have focused their attacks on him. Chicago Cubs ... 10,000-9,467 ... .514 ... 1876 Trevor Elkins, is a bit of an anomaly. Running in the Democratic primary against two lawyers, his own education stopped with a high school diploma, and his personal background includes a personal bankruptcy filing in 2005 and a DUI conviction in 1998. I also have high hopes for “Moonrise Kingdom” (May 25), Wes Anderson’s follow-up to “Fantastic Mr. Fox,” and Woody Allen’s latest stop on his Euro-concert tour, “To Rome with Love (June 22). Ditto for “Lawless” (Aug. 31), a Weinstein release directed by Aussie John Hillcoat (“The Proposition”), with Tom Hardy, Jessica Chastain, Gary Oldman and others, and “Premium Rush” (Aug. 24), featuring Joseph Gordon-Levitt as a Manhattan bike messenger being pursued across the city by a dirty cop. As a big-city bicyclist who’s taken some spills, I look forward to this. I’ll wear my helmet. "He wins and loses, and it is there as a factor, and one, I think, that is worthy of discussion," said Tancredo, who ran for president in 2008. Minority-party Democrats on the committee led by Sen. Michael Skindell, a Lakewood Democrat, tried to remove the language allowing for turnpike privitization but his proposal was tabled by the GOP majority. Martha and 61-year-old Jack Da Hat Luna harmonize to "Talk to Me" by Lil Willy John. She told him her right engine was out. He told her she was doing fine, then guided her lower. PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem also said he was pleased to learn of Woods' return. Financial companies rose 1.5 percent, the largest gain of any of the 10 company groups that make up the S&P index. Fifty red dots beeped on Thornton’s radar. They were all converging to Pier 11 downtown. But out of his glass cabin he could see nothing. The north wind had come in over the Hudson and the smoke, ash and rubble from the collapsed Twin Towers made the seas so dark Thornton might as well have been driving blind. Using a measurement known as a "20-foot-equivalent unit," the 5.5 million TEUs handled in 2011 was nearly 4 percent higher than a year earlier, the Port Authority said. PASSAIC — Debris is blamed for injuring 11 firefighters during a fire in the Passaic home of an apparent hoarder today. Oregon Department of Transportation spokeswoman Kimberly Dinwiddie said workers recently have concentrated on building retaining walls and installing the artistic wall treatment along the underpass, part of the city’s Beauty and the Bridge initiative which features wall tiles of local flora and fauna created by Wilsonville students. Barkley also was on target regarding Duke's loss. While other studio analysts pointed to the Blue Devils' poor shooting against Lehigh, Barkley said, "Duke also lacked footspeed." That curious title? Country-pop singer David Nail means music itself; he alludes to its hallucinatory properties and its ability to capture our aspirations and fears. On the title track to his fine second album, Nail imagines those “million dreams” rising like ghosts or helium balloons suddenly released from his piano. Yet there’s nothing particularly spectral or whimsical about Nail’s sound. Hanna may have put it best. Sea Ranch houses — light-filled, postmodern wood sheds — became icons of Northern California design mimicked around the world. Walk, co-author of "Illinois Birds: A Century of Change," published by the University of Illinois' Institute of Natural Resource Sustainability, feels the same. "Even though they're dirt common, I just think they're really attractive birds," he said. "If they were really rare birds and people had to climb mountains to see them, they'd be, 'Ohhhhh...'" “This appears to be judicial activism at its worst,” Ryan said. Authorities said he had a loaded gun in his luxury sports car when it was stopped as he left a Manhattan concert in July 2007. A St. Croix River menace that's waged war on the healthiest native mussel population in Minnesota has retreated, bringing hope of a turning point in what had seemed a relentless invasion. "There's nothing cosmetic about this. It's for functional purposes completely. Our hands are incredible sensory devices," Losee said. "Jessica has a new little girl she wants to be able to hold and touch. On the field: He was a playmaker for the Horned Frogs and named defensive MVP of the team's Poinsettia Bowl victory over Louisiana Tech. Has added value as an All-American return man, averaging more than 30 yards on kickoff returns for three straight seasons with three touchdowns. Q. How significant are the impacts of computing, for an individual? Accorsi's draft philosophy is find a franchise-changing quarterback, then protect him. He'd spend a high draft slot on a left tackle, like the Browns did with Joe Thomas, but not for guards or centers -- positions he believes can be developed. "They kinda suggested, don't hang up. The more you write, the more evidence we have," Moore said. In a program emceed by WTTW's Phil Ponce, Mason seemed shy as he stepped onstage, only managing a quick "Thanks" before shuffling back to his seat. Koldyke, however, made an inspiring speech extolling the history and impact of National Louis - which came from humble beginnings as a college to train poor, immigrant women in early childhood education - calling it "revolutionary" and "inspiring." Today, National Louis University grants more graduate degrees in education than any other institution in Illinois. "At camp if I run the two 40 times that they want to see me run, then I'll have an offer from Mizzou," he said. The agency eventually plans to have cashless tolls at all interchanges to ease traffic congestion. It seems ridiculous that after seven years of producing and debating bridge replacement proposals, this would happen. After all, it doesn't take an engineer to determine what the clearance needs to be: You figure out how high the Columbia usually sits, how much airspace planes require in that location and how many feet it takes to ship large loads up or down the river. 5926 Cates Av, $7,000 Bairey Merz believes this problem, which looks very different from coronary artery disease, probably underlies the generally worse cardiac outcomes for women because it is not being recognized and treated as heart disease. After a brief boom in the aftermath of the movie's initial release, visits to Halifax's Maritime Museum and the city's Titanic cemeteries slowed from a torrent to a trickle, many Haligonians say. And in the local annals of disaster, they sometimes add, Titanic is neither the newest nor the deadliest. It's not even the only White Star ship. 3447 3 Tweebster (M Smith)5/2 In September, University Hospitals started implementing an electronic lab reporting system in all its facilities, which will allow them to electronically report selected hospital-acquired infections and all reportable infectious diseases. Officials said they expect to transition fully by next June. Arpaio has denied allegations of racial profiling, saying people are stopped if deputies have probable cause to believe they've committed crimes, and that deputies later find many of them are illegal immigrants. Broomfield 38, Legacy 23 The numbers are devastating, but what is worse children are committing suicide, on a regular basis, because of bullying. Where: El Dorado Hills estates; tickets available at California Welcome Center, 2085 Vine St., Suite 105, El Dorado Hills Vicksburg — Tapestry: The Pilgrimage to Vicksburg, April 1-30, features a show of Civil War medical practices, the role of African-Americans in the War Between the States and a ghost tour. www .vicksburgbedandbreakfast.com. A second witness, Jim Grobolsek, president of Beacon Metal Fabricators, a custom metal shop in Cleveland, also testified that he worked on Dimora’s home and sent an in George Rogers Park. The 62nd annual fundraiser will begin at 7 a.m. July 4 at 611 State St. Cost is $7 for ages 11 and younger, or $5 for ages 10 and younger. X-rays on Pierce's right shoulder were negative. He was cleared to resume driving on Saturday. He made both free throws awarded for the Chandler shot, then banked in a 20-footer from the left wing while getting hit by Smith 10 seconds later for what became a five-point possession for Miami. "They might not have hammered the nails or poured the cement of the new San Francisco themselves, but they were there. They represent the beautiful city we have now. They represent the time when people all came together, you know, the spirit of San Francisco. Geithner spoke to the Economic Club of Chicago, a business leadership group that met at the Chicago Hilton. In a question-and-answer session that followed his speech, Geithner commented that the U.S. has lagged in restructuring the mortgage system and he hopes a bipartisan deal will achieve that. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fell under federal control in the housing crisis and their fate is unclear. And unlike the Washingtons, who came for recuperation, we, along with friends from London, came for the sun and rum. Although we hear about the overwhelming tax burden corporations endure, their actual tax rate is closer to 12 percent on average because of loopholes, deductions and other tax credits. I recently rented a car from Thrifty in Toronto for two weeks. I travel more than 26 weeks a year and rent lots of cars, but this is the first time I have been scammed by a rental car company. Sales varied dramatically around the country. The best performance was in the West, where sales rose more than 15 percent from February. The worst turnout was in the Northeast, where sales sank more than 32 percent. They were unchanged in the South, and down nearly 8 percent in the Midwest. Q: My sister recently died from ovarian cancer. I'm terrified that I will get it. Now they say that getting checked out for it regularly isn't a good idea. What should I do?— Patricia M., Canton, Ohio But it is inaccurate to frame this debate as simply another battle between those who care about the environment and those who want to exploit it. The environmentalists who tout wind energy and other relatively green sources of energy point out that we are producing and consuming energy in such a manner as to throw the globe's human and ecological future into doubt. Runte appears to believe that to acknowledge this amounts to giving "everything called 'renewable' ... a pass." I worry that his argument amounts to giving everything deemed "scenic" a pass while ignoring or minimizing the dire threats posed to humans and non-humans by our reckless levels of consumption. No, there's no Mt. Rushmore-like attraction here. Nonetheless, the park truly is a monumental treasure: 280,000 acres of spectacular mountain terrain that rises abruptly behind the desert towns of the Coachella Valley, offering recreation, a home for endangered bighorn sheep and a magnificent backdrop for the luxurious homes, stately date palms and acres of verdant golf courses that line the valley. Juan Valentin Romero, 23, of Santa Ana, was arrested on suspicion of assault with a firearm and possession of a dangerous weapon. He is being held at the Orange County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail, Bertagna said. “We hope this more modest rate allows Oregon policyholders to continue their coverage, leading to greater stability in rates and enrollment going forward,” said Teresa Miller, Insurance Division Administrator. Let's start farthest away from home, where it is easier to see things from a dispassionate point of view. Greece needs to refinance an estimated 400 billion (euros) of outstanding debt as it comes due, not to mention borrowing more to keep its government afloat. Her opening scene is of a doctor pronouncing her stricken father brain-dead and his fight to live on -- which he did for those many years, though she wished for the family's life before the stroke. She writes eloquently about the agony of life after Wade's death, the stubborn refusal to sever such physical connections as his room, and the backpack that sat unmoved in a hallway for several years -- and the persistent wish for their life before his death. When board member Lee Merrick asked about maintaining the Sojourner program separately from Concord Elementary at the Concord site, Hickey said it would be a challenge. -- T.H., North Ridgeville Icahn said his company, Icahn Enterprises, holds a “relatively small position” in LightSquared, with a debt investment of about $120 million. What we have is a quirk. Coutinho said he has not been invited to the remake of the cultural day and he’s not sure if he’ll attend. Hodorowicz is running as an independent, saying, "I am not a child of the Illinois political system." The House, which approved the bill by a voice vote, must OK it with a recorded vote before it moves to the Senate. Once-a-month service would start this fall, likely in September or October. Both faulty intelligence and his by-the-book, mile-by-mile analysis of the troops needed to defend such an extensive line resulted in estimates of about 100,000 rebel soldiers. "It's not going to be me," Christie said. The crowd of 40,275 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum included about 1,200 Cleveland supporters. It sounded like 10 times that many when Slaughter caught that ball and coolly dropped into his "Cabbage Patch" TD dance. Earlier this week, O'Mara said two accounts started by friends of Zimmerman had raised a total of about $2,700. West got off on the right foot in the championship round when junior Jarred Edwards defeated Warrenton's Ryan Sherry by fall at 2 minutes 29 seconds at 103 pounds. I have seen isolated ACL tears in 5-year-olds, but this is a very rare age to sustain this injury. The slightly older 7- to 9-year-old group seems to suffer the injury with greater frequency. Both boys and girls seem at risk. Although an ACL may be torn during any activity, the most common causes in this age group seem to be related to gymnastics, trampoline, bicycle and football activities. Much of the spending was routine -- paying charges to his campaign that include rent and salaries and office supplies. There were payments to Alaska Airlines for travel, including $515.40 on July 18. The disclosure does not show the origin or destination of the trip. City inspectors don't like the look of his windows. He was ordered to caulk and paint trim around all the windows in his house and have his house inspected for lead paint. Sassoon had four children with his second wife, actress Beverly Adams: two daughters Catya (who died after a drug overdose in 2002), and Eden, and sons Elan and David. In 1992 he married Rhonda, his fourth wife, who has been described as his "rock" through his recent illnesses. Everybody's watching: Sunday's Game 1 of the Eastern finals between Chicago and Miami on TNT was rated as the most-viewed NBA basketball game in the history of cable television with 11.1 million viewers, breaking the previous record of 10,829,000 viewers for the 2003 NBA All-Star Game, Michael Jordan's last. Mitchell is the Billikens' 5-11 point guard. He is cat-quick with range. Keith Appling will draw the assignment. Mitchell hit two critical three-pointers against Memphis in the second half that helped Saint Louis overcome an 8-point deficit. This charming kid’s-eye movie, full of comical and vivid detail about the lives of these cheerful children, has the loose, lanky feel of a memoir and of French New Wave films. Writer-director Taika Waititi, who also plays the exasperating, inept and semi-lovable dad, adroitly mixes pathos with absurdity. Like childhood itself, though, the film lacks much of a plot, and somehow manages both to drag on and feel too short at the same time. 636-938-5300 That first thing The sport would seem like a polar opposite from her slow paced, deliberate play as a member of the Tustin High varsity golf team during the week in the Fall, but Meggie sees parallels in the highly contrasting sports. Asked when Richards had become that kind of player, Penner said Richards always had been. "You only notice it now because there's eight teams left," Penner said. 9854 Monarch Dr, $67,500 "What you have done was irresponsibly push for the tax increase without responsibly warning voters that increased taxes may well drive business out of our city and would most likely prevent new businesses from coming into our city," Bowen said. Details: 166 W. Main St., Mesa. 480-733-5558 or blissfullivingstudio.com. Wagner College is primed and ready to move up the ranks, bringing in three new assistants to join the Seahawks’ football coaching staff. “I’m always reminded it was a person because it’s so hard to figure things out. In the book, it’s so easy. The reality of this as a human body, it’s so tough,” Garcia said. Young said the checks provided by a then-96-year-old heiress were mixed with the couple's other house funds, much of which went into renovations and construction of their $1.5-million hilltop house on 10 acres near Chapel Hill, N.C. Maybe the larger problem is his point of view. He begins his article by criticizing the festival's mission "to break the barriers of stereotypes" because the lineup does "not actively push that agenda" because of (in part) our film about mariachi music. Maybe he doesn't realize mariachi is the national music of Mexico? By that rationalization, every American film with jazz or the blues must conform to stereotype. I think he's confusing breaking stereotypes with something else. Just because a Mexican plays mariachi music doesn't make them a stereotype. Just like a Chicagoan playing the blues doesn't equate stereotype. What is stereotypical, is an American assuming that every Mexican holiday is Cinco de Mayo.We would appreciate it if Mr. Stamets could rethink his (admittedly brief) comments about our film and his view of Chicago Latino Film Festival's mission and lineup in a context that maybe he isn't (as of yet) qualified to make them. Abundant interior water could throw a damper on some aspects of the predominant lunar-origin idea of a parching, high-temperature collision. Tom Breckenridge contributed to this story. Never felt better about being wrong. Satisfaction: A Rolling Stones Experience 8:30 p.m. Feb. 9. $10-$12. Four-packs: $30. Height, weight: 7-1, 259 pounds "He ran the equipment that unloaded coal barges and operated the conveyor belts," said a former co-worker, Melvin Bull of White Marsh. "He had learned heavy equipment operation in the Seabees and even though the technology had changed, he picked right up on it again. He was a smart guy. He also loved his fishing and was a funny guy, who told great stories. He was strong as an ox." You pass gas about 14 times a day. We all do. Even Dr. Oz does -- not good on the set of the show! (Dr. Mike is writing this column.) Fortunately, most go unnoticed. Otherwise, a four-hour conference with 10 people would deliver 24 wind-breakers. Meeting adjourned! The remains of those three will be transferred at 11 a.m. today. A Roseville Police Department Honor Guard will give them to an honor guard from the Vietnam Veterans of America and the American Indian Veterans Association, which will escort the remains to interment in Great Lakes National Cemetery in Holly Township with full military honors. "We are saying to the NRA that if they want to be able to do the right thing, they should not push back against repealing the Stand Your Ground laws in the 22 states that we are asking those laws to be repealed in." Change is often called progress, but as far as I am concerned, it is not always progress. Depending on how you count, "Arrietty" is either the fourth or fifth film based on the classic children's book about smallness, "The Borrowers," and in spirit, it is a fairly faithful rendition of Mary Norton's 1952 novel. The story concerns 6-inch-high people who live a secret existence underneath the floorboards of a country home. They are called "Borrowers" because they borrow (blotting paper for rugs, postage stamps for wall paintings, chess pieces for statuary) from the big people upstairs, a race of conventionally sized folks they call "human beans." liquor, wine and milk). That definition got scrapped after a speaker at a public hearing pointed out that "cylindrical" doesn't describe even all those containers currently covered. It's a familiar task. For nine years, through some of the worst job markets in history, she's volunteered to lead the Career Transition Ministry at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Lenexa. “Hudson County is a hidden jewel and we truly appreciate what we have here,” she said. “This place has been a great place for all the students who want to get a great education.” Mathieu, a Heisman Trophy finalist, and Claiborne were joined on the All-America team by Heisman Trophy winner Robert Griffin III of Baylor and finalists Montee Ball of Wisconsin and Trent Richardson of Alabama. Adapted from Martha Stewart Living magazine, December 2011 issue In December 2011 an investigator for Los Angeles County's Adult Protective Services, suspecting possible dependent abuse, tried to visit the daughter's home, according to the board's order. Markman did not allow the investigator to meet her or enter the home and allegedly threatened the investigator. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega highlighted his Christian faith during his re-election bid last year, when his campaign rallies were accompanied by religious processions, chants and the campaign slogan "Christian, Socialist and In Solidarity." Ortega’s campaign strategy dismayed Catholic Church leaders, who called his use of spirituality part of a ploy to deceive voters. Ballatore served on the coaching staff at five Olympics, including with the U.S. team in 1988 and '84, Israel in 1976, Ecuador in 1972 and Peru in 1968. This simple storefront cafe, known for its large portions and vegetarian fare, has a menu chock-full of tasty items for less than $10, including sandwiches, salads and specialty dishes. Our fave is the Greek salad ($9.95), which overflowed its dinner-size serving plate. We're not the only ones who like the small cafe: Tillie Gorts is an annual winner in Monterey County Weekly's dining poll. Ratliff's hobbies are "family and politics," he said. Wife Heidi is expecting a baby girl in September, and she is due on the same day as The Jugette is raced at the Delaware Fairgrounds. They're naming her Annie Jo, a little girl to go with Ratliff's stepsons Dusty, 12, and Del, 11. planning official for St. Louis County, has been indicted on a bank fraud charge and, according to a person with knowledge of the situation, may face additional investigation regarding a failed bid for a casino license. In the play, one of the conspiring reporters works for the Rocky Mountain News, though no evidence exists that the paper played any part in the scheme. But doing so allows Suh to exploit one of the longest newspaper rivalries in history, ending with the News' closure in 2009. You needn't have been alive in 1907 to know how intensely these papers feuded. But that year, Bonfils' enmity for News owner Thomas Patterson spilled out into the streets near the state Capitol. In the spirit of a Wild West duel, Bonfils attacked Patterson, who had called Bonfils a blackmailer in a News cartoon. When the teetering News was bought by Cincinnati media company Scripps-Howard and merged with The Express in 1926, Roy Howard spit, "We believe that a dictatorship of Denver's newspaper field by The Denver Post would be nothing less than a blight." As of right now our subscribers are 2,010 <U+0096> that's 60 additional subscribers <U+0096> and our ticket sales are at $478,000, so we've had a very modest gain of about 3 percent over last year. I'm pleased with that. He is also funny and profane and since a 2003 life-threatening battle with cancer he operates under the credo, "I don't do business that don't make me smile." The truck has two giant keys on top – five-feet long, two feet high – and a dozen cartoon characters plastered on its sides. "We're going to be careful not to overreact in terms of our forecast," Johnson said during a conference call with reporters and analysts. "We're going to wait until we see March." The Timbers are eager to show a wider audience what locals have experienced for years, team owner Merritt Paulson said: a unique gameday experience. Bryant, who served more than a quarter-century in the Legislature, was convicted in 2008 of using his clout as budget chairman for a low-work job to boost his taxpayer-funded pension. He is scheduled to be released from prison on those charges in 2013. Their failure to push through even that small change, though, underscores the immense challenges ahead in a nation still dominated by the military. On Wednesday, Suu Kyi and several dozen of her party brethren chose to compromise for now <U+0097> jointly reciting the oath in the capital, Nay Pyi Taw, as the ruling party and the army looked on. Dylan Rivera; dylanrivera@news.oregonian.com Roundtable chairman and Norcross Mayor Bucky Johnson said there’s still enough on the list to significantly improve quality of life in metro Atlanta and leverage federal funds to get more work done. At his last doctor's visit, Joe Baschnagel received another 0R, or zero rejection, result on his most recent heart biopsy. His doctor gave him other welcome news, too. "It's the nostalgia, the clean design and the quality," Chris Hays says, adding that the pieces also remind the couple of furniture owned by their parents and grandparents. These telling touches added several exclamation points to an already dazzling evening. The fine-dining experience here, inspired by a unique menu showcasing regional and tribal bounty, is as good as it gets in Arizona. “Chico & Rita” is an evocative tribute to postwar USA, from its prosperity, artistic vitality and can-do energy to the social problems of racial segregation and political blacklisting. The soundtrack is mainly composed and performed by Grammy-winning Cuban pianist Bebo Valdes and also features the likes of Cole Porter, Chano Pozo, Tito Puente and George and Ira Gershwin. Less popular this time: Impressionists. Two creamy pastoral works by Alfred Sisley and Camille Pissarro failed to sell at all. Collectors passed over a few bronzes by Auguste Rodin and Alberto Giacometti—who were selling high during the recession. But once Hannah reaches her Mobile, Ala., destination and logically, if perhaps too conveniently, finds her birth mother (Shari Rigby), the film kicks in and becomes a more satisfying look at youthful trauma, family secrets, self-acceptance and forgiveness. Disney CEO Bob Iger, who said last summer that big-budget movies were getting "increasingly more risky," thanked Ross for his years of service. Freshman left-handed starter Travis Radke earns his sixth win this season and improves to 6-2 for Portland. He worked 6.2 innings, was charged with three runs on eight hits, while striking out four. Dropped out: UCF, Vermont The maker of minivans and Jeeps has come a long way since filing for bankruptcy protection on April 30, 2009, when its survival was in doubt. Since then, Chrysler has slashed costs and has begun to see stronger sales for its new vehicles, including the popular Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV. "Certainly from the industry, safety is our number one priority year round, not just at the holidays," Leistner said. This morning, Investigator Alan Rose added another citation and placard confiscation within minutes of arriving outside the Sears store at the mall. But officials from many of these districts said that despite struggles, they are moving in the right direction. They point to steady gains on state test scores and other measures to show they're working hard to close the achievement gap. Regarding Catharine Hamm's two articles in the April 1 Travel section, "Fares: What's Driving Them?" and "Keeping Airfares in Check": If someone has time to take a cruise, drive or wait for bargains on Priceline or Hotwire, then why wouldn't they have time to take a train to their vacation destination? I have taken the train across the country. I have traveled from L.A. to Albuquerque by train. I have taken a train to San Diego with family to visit the San Diego Zoo. I have a friend who travels by train and then rents a car to get to a specific destination. Trains are wonderful for children. Lyman’s simulations, which rely on NRC computer code, show that unfavorable winds could spread radioactivity far beyond the 12.5-mile evacuation zone, much as happened at Chernobyl in 1986. For years, the media and others have turned up instances in which legislators passed out the waivers to relatives of political donors or other connected people. The documented cases include some $32,000 in scholarships granted by House Speaker Michael Madigan to a relative of a campaign contributor and a campaign worker. "We're all in shock that he was found," she said. "We never thought it would happen, ever." The list of Detroit honorees from the National Association of Police Organizations <U+0096> which is a coalition of police unions and groups from across the U.S. <U+0096> included, besides Davis and Ball, Officers Melissa Adams, David Anderson, Bradley N. Clark, Rodney Cushingberry, Theodore Jackson Jr. and Lacell D. Rue; Sgts. Tyrone Guinn, Michael Ingels, James Kirklin, Ray Toufic Saati, Carrie Schulz and Joseph Turner Jr., and Investigator Amir G. Smith. <U+0093>Oh, 45<U+0092>s definitely <U+0091>no way,<U+0092> <U+0094> she said. <U+0093>Even 50 is kind of, <U+0091>uhhh<U+0092> I think a lot depends on just going out there and warming up and listening to your body.<U+0094> "Because of my best friend, Kadie H." 2 slices whole-wheat or white bread (heels of the loaf are great for this) 13369, Dennis Miller, Salem, 5:11:54. Yallop expects the veteran striker to be available for games soon. Since the late-1960s, conceptual and visual artists have embraced the book as a means to make their work accessible and affordable to a larger population. The question for artists is what form can they adapt and still call the result a book. The works on display challenge the very idea of what a book is. Investigators are documenting the wreckage and hope to remove the engine of the helicopter by the end of the weekend, Bridget Serchak, a spokeswoman for the NTSB, said this afternoon. A: I don't really know how to answer that. I can say that we're doing a TV special with a network like HBO where we would do the show from Canada, but we're not sure about all the details for that yet. To cook the empanadas, pour the oil into a large stockpot over medium-high. Heat until it reaches 350 F (use a candy or deep-fry thermometer to monitor the temperature). Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Ruddell’s Smokehouse, Cayucos, CA: Heaven. On the Central Coast, smoked albacore tacos, smoked salmon tacos—perfect for eating on the patio or for carrying down to the beach. $; 101 D St.; 805/995-5028. "To throw that many in a row, or to shoot 900, you've got to get breaks," he said. "Luck and carry are involved. I carried in the first game." "I don't look at it that way. People have put more emphasis on this game and him making (the All-Star game). I said what I had to say and that was the end of it. I don't have any extra motivation for this game. I don't feel like it's ironic that I found out (about the player of the week) when I'm here. That happened. I have to move on. I can't keep harping on what happened. Honestly, I hadn't even put that correlation together. I just found out and I was thankful and that was it." Richards struck again during the 61st minute on a short-range shot. Braun capped the scoring with a penalty kick during the 76th minute. 1. "American Idol" (Fox, Wed.-Thu.) – The finals begin! Family caregivers <U+0096> increasingly, middle-aged offspring taking care of their elderly parents <U+0096> provided $450 billion worth of unpaid home care in 2009, says AARP. That's more than the country's total Medicaid spending that year <U+0096> more, for that matter, than Wal-Mart Inc.'s total sales in 2009. The Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape Native American tribe was recognized through a state resolution in the early 1980s. Food was served, and a parade of activists stepped up to the porch and the public address system to sing songs or recite poetry. The group, all clad in similar blue UK golf shirts, came into the season largely untested before ascending to No. 1, winning the Southeastern Conference in dominating fashion and capping an NCAA tournament run with a 67-59 victory over Kansas in the title game for the school<U+0092>s eighth championship. The minimum wage sets the floor under wages, and that floor is sinking. The 1956 minimum wage was $8.30, adjusted for inflation. 555 Stratford Av, $295,000 Fork & Wrench Have I mentioned that I was wearing pointy-toed cowboy boots? A poor choice for a getaway. The U.S. government remains a part owner of Chrysler, holding an 8.6 percent stake. Chrysler wants to sever those ties. And Santos wants the spirit to endure. 1971: Wins Democratic primary for mayor with 56 percent of vote against three candidates, easily wins general election. Some schools have simply stopped scheduling the Eagles. Littleton forfeited on game day this fall. And recently, when Valor administrators tried to find a new conference to join, they had doors closed in their faces as if they were selling encyclopedias. Look at them, the residents of Washington, D.C., moving down the street like sleepwalkers. Civil servants beaten down by the bureaucracy? Elected officials worn down by Senate probes and the 24-hour news cycle? Sports Illustrated released a story on Monday night that said as many as 28 players over eight years were involved with trading memorabilia for tattoos or money. Nine are players on the current roster not previously named, but the NCAA would have to investigate and find proof of that before adding sanctions. David Broder is a columnist for The Washington Post Writers Group. The Pac-10 wanted to invade Texas, which has two Top 10 markets (No. 5 Dallas-Fort Worth and No. 10 Houston), but ended up adding only Colorado and Utah. It thus gets Denver, the nation's 16th-largest market, and No. 31 Salt Lake City. The Sox scored two runs in the third inning to tie the game and had three runners on base when Viciedo and Tyler Flowers struck out. Prices for longer-term Treasurys fell, as investors felt less need to put their money in investments considered safe. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.27 percent from 2.11 percent late Wednesday. A bond's yield rises when its price falls. The next installment is in September. Lose to Win will expand to the entire St. Louis area, taking 1,000 participants. The kickoff dates are Sept. 10 and 11. A third company, which Booker has declined to identify, has offered to donate money to keep Newark’s Camp Watershed open. "We should remember that decency and civility are values too," Romney said at that conference, referring to Bryan Fischer, an activist at the American Family Association, which promotes traditional family values. "One of the speakers who will follow me today has crossed that line, I think. Poisonous language doesn't advance our cause." Drunk in public. Ola Vista and Avenida Del Mar. An apparently drunken woman with a bottle of vodka in her purse walked on the middle of the street yelling at passing cars, a caller said. Passers-by tried to stop her from getting in her car and driving away, the caller said. 3:08 p.m. While owner Chris Cohan has formally put the franchise up for sale, Riley and Nelson are proceeding as if everything is the same for now as they prepare for the NBA draft and building next season's roster. Riley has already begun brainstorming some ideas of who might replace Nelson after next season. Q. Some of your choices over the last few years have been pretty radical, too. Like “One Hour Photo,” or “World’s Greatest Dad.” These strange, dark little films. Strong factory production could help the economy rebound after experiencing weak growth in the first three months of this year. But the construction industry is struggling and manufacturing won't drive enough job growth by itself. Rising prices are also threatening many companies' profit margins. Parkway Drive with Set Your Goals, the Ghost Inside and the Warriors, 6 p.m. Feb. 19, $15-$18. Spisak admitted to the killings in an interview with the Parole Board on Jan. 4, but he said he was mentally ill at the time. Phil Kirschner, New Jersey Business and Industry Association said Christie delivered a "powerful" address he said will boost the confidence of business owners, even though "the underlying economy is still weak." They are concerned whether unemployment taxes will rise in July, when the fund will be replenished, he said. In recent weeks, hundreds of men have ventured out in public wearing fatigues and marching to step up pressure for the army's return and for $15 million in lost wages and pensions. Their newly visible presence, confined to small training camps, has led international diplomats to suggest that they bear an uneasy resemblance to a private militia. Some have been spotted carrying handguns. Buss, a 1978 graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, is decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross with V for valor in combat and the Bronze Star Medal, among other awards. Bruno Kalonji, now the head women's soccer coach at Georgia Perimeter College, knew Samuel from when he coached the lawyer's son in high school. After learning of the elder Kalonjis' arrests, Samuel offered to represent the family. Juvenile Hall, 2801 Meadow Lark Drive "New Meadowlands Stadium," said Jon Bon Jovi. "I like it, I like it, I like it." The other half will benefit Sacred Heart School and St. Matthias School directly. Politicians and special interests spent millions to try to stop term limits when it first passed in 1990. Since then, they have tried twice to trick voters into letting the politicians stay in power for more years. Prop. 28 is just their latest effort. Construction, down 75,000. CAN’T WIN BECAUSE: The horse looks to have fired his best shots in his first two races this year. Another concern: Why didn’t Pletcher base this one at Churchill instead of shipping from Florida? Balsillie said he was too busy trying to find out what the root cause of the problem was to comment in the first days of the crisis. He said he was in the Middle East at the time and spent day-and-night on the phone with customers and carriers. "Summer and Smoke": * * Runs in rotating repertory, 8 p.m. Thu.-Fri., final performances 2 & 8 p.m. Sat. Hilberry Theatre, 4743 Cass, Detroit. 313-577-2972. www.hilberry.com. $12-$30. I've had chronic low-back pain for several years. But last year I was in a car accident, and since then my back has gotten worse. My doctor says to take stronger pain meds, which I don't want to do. I know exercise is supposed to help, but I'm afraid it will make it worse. What should I do? He would know. Ridley and partner David Moroz staged the Laugh Detroit Comedy Festival from 2008 to 2011. It was a smaller undertaking than LaughFest, spanning five days and using two main venues. This year Moroz is laid up following knee surgery, so the Detroit fest is taking a year off. By the way, the 6-foot-5 Mannion looked damn good, too. "I don't understand, I don't know anything," his mother said. "I'm shocked. I appreciate everyone, show your love to my son." The casino's designer, Sir William Chambers, furiously busy in London as a court architect to King George III, never managed to find the opportunity to steal away and see the actual building before his death in 1796. He and the better-known Adam brothers were the architects responsible for introducing the neoclassic aesthetic to England, replacing the Baroque through their commissions for country houses, palaces and furniture. This one small building, an experiment in conjuring the grandeur of ancient Rome and Greece, contains the germ of an idea from which whole cities would later be built, first in Europe and then in America. Jefferson would have loved it. Gitan Bistro Crú Adams had singled, moved to second on a wild pitch by Daniel Moskos (0-2) and reached third on a groundout before Avery's winning hit. 3. If those don't work, enlist an outsider: a second doc, savvy nurse, counselor, relative, good friend, whoever has the power to appeal to his smarter side. But for some cosmetic doctors, the shape of Suleman’s belly button is evidence that she had a tummy tuck. Plastic surgeon and blogger Dr. Tony Youn said, “The belly button looks like her surgeon either created it herself or inset it as a vertical slit. In my opinion, this is a telltale sign of a tummy tuck.'' He'll accept congratulations. But he doesn't jump up and down, chest-bump a teammate or ham it up for the cameras. A Portland directive says police must only load lethal munitions into the lethal shotgun, and less-lethal rounds into a less-lethal shotgun. Portland police train officers not to carry lethal with less-lethal ammunition. "It bothers me, because I've been doing this for 17 years and never heard anything bad about me." -- former cyclist George Hincapie a year ago after Floyd Landis claimed Hincapie used performance-enhancing drugs. Tuesday: Sunny, with a high near 82. Bacharach and David on Wednesday will receive the 2012 Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. Obama has honored Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder with the prize. Surviving are his beloved wife, Antonia; two loving sons, Greg and Robert Jr.; his devoted daughter, Ara; his loving stepson, Frank Santos; two devoted grandchildren, Jeff and Mindy; four beloved great-grandchildren, Travis, Katana, Devin and Jordon; and two devoted sisters, Adrienne Parisi and Maryann Trotter. Since it was launched, the aerial campaign has seen nearly 10,000 strike sorties flown by NATO warplanes, taking out key military installations and other Libyan government command centers. 8095, Jerry Lentz, Bend, 3:42:11. 6. Alex Bisant, Mt. Hebron soph. NORTH OLMSTED John Paff, chairman of the Open Government Advocacy Project of the state Libertarian Party, filed a complaint with the state Local Finance Board against nearly a dozen Robbinsville members of the planning and zoning boards, alleging infractions of the disclosure law. The 1,500-square-foot store features a variety of antiques, including an 1885 mahogany dresser, but what shoppers seem to remember most is Brucks' tell-it-like-it-is attitude and blunt personality. 20. Seattle (from Portland) - Michael Tetteh, M, UC- Santa Barbara. Last of the Generation Adidas players to be selected. Lillie acknowledged that Magistrate Judge Nancy Vecchiarelli's order does not spell out any exceptions, but "I would assume that would be in the spirit of the order," he said. "I don't think that the government is attempting to be totally inflexible about the whole situation." "I really try to preach grinding it out," he said. "Don't let it get to you. Forget that (bad) shot and go to the next shot. Obviously, I want to see the girls go for par on every hole. But once you take a shot away from having any chance of a par on a hole, figure out how you can get a bogey on a hole. Bogey is not a bad score, especially for girls golf." "He never bends the pictures; he always comes to the door with the large packages," Hoffman said. Corporate leaders have peered into the future. They've already seen enough to place their bets on what it will bring. The choirs will perform in their annual "Show Choir Extravaganza" at 7 p.m. on Thursday, Friday and Saturday in the school's auditorium. Securing hospital art The Justice Department is already looking into the Sanford Police Department's handling of the case. During the session, legislators repeatedly lamented the tough choices they faced in piecing together the budget. At one point, numerous social services were on the chopping block, but in the final week most other cuts — including large reductions in mental-health and substance-abuse-treatment programs — were restored. Some suggest that the prevention program was a more palatable target because of its low profile. 12500 S.W. Broadway The Situation and Alex go to his room and start hooking up. Then the blonde waltzes into the room and tells Alex that's she leaving. Alex is fine with that. "You don't want to do this," the blonde tells her. The Situation is less than thrilled with Ann Landers, particularly when Alex heeds her advice. He continues the belabored combat metaphor: The blonde, he says, "was a bomb pretty much, and Pauly D did not know the code to decipher the bomb." UNITED NATIONS - U.N. peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous says about 40 U.N. observers are on the ground in Syria and that the force will grow to 65 by Sunday. EC Southwest 4, Brawley 1. Williams (SW) 3 H. "I said, 'Dan, try to use this to kill tumors in mice,' " said Kalafatis, recalling his conversation with Dr. Daniel Lindner, who conducts research in the Center for Hematology and Oncology Molecular Therapies at the Cleveland Clinic's Lerner Research Institute. The best way to experience the wall is to focus on a 6-mile stretch right in the middle, featuring three must-see sights: Housesteads Roman Fort shows you where the Romans lived, Vindolanda Museum shows you how they lived, and the Roman Army Museum explains the empire-wide military organization that brought them here. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle managed to avoid turning public health into a political tangle in the legislative session. But this week, state Rep. Cynthia Davis, R-O'Fallon, denounced the bill in a newsletter to her constituents. She called it an attempt "to remove more natural consequences." 7110 CHURCH $18,000 With the way Darvish was pitching, it felt like a 10-run lead. No, this not a rant about various forms of road rage. Been there. Done that. This I promise will be far more petty and snarky. After more than 30 years of driving, I am serving up my top 10 driving pet peeves - in hopes that you will share some of your own with us. This week, with May sweeps and the TV season ending Wednesday, mostly marks time leading into the Memorial Day weekend. After that, look for an explosion of new summer programming. But meanwhile, say some goodbyes. Santa Clara County Assessor Larry Stone, a veteran of three previous inaugurations, was left in the cold, literally. "They closed the gate with only 15 people in front of me,'' said Stone, who carried a purple ticket that was supposed to allow him into close-in priority seating. "This whole thing looks like it was administered by FEMA.'' He said he had tarnished his family name, pointing out that his grandfather had once been the chief of police in Youngstown, and that he let down the people he worked for. The eight-year notes are expected to have tighter credit requirements than the previously planned 10-year debt, Cappaert wrote. That could have an impact on the future of Cedar Fair's dividend distribution, she said. Great Danes in Westlake: Members of Harlequin Haven Great Dane Rescue will introduce people to their gentle giants from 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday, May 19, at Pet Supplies Plus, 30034 Detroit Road. Other Dane owners are invited to bring their dogs to the mingle. The group has two dozen Danes in Bethel, Ohio, that need homes. Now, we are going to look at it and evaluate it, but we want Greg to be a part of this team. I still think Greg Oden is going to be an impact player in the NBA, and that’s the way we are going to approach it. We want to see Greg give the effort to rehabilitate, but I have no doubt he will do that because he has done it, proved he has done it before. But after meeting with Obama Sunday evening, Reid instead called Boehner's proposal "a nonstarter in the Senate and with the president" because it would permit only a short-term increase of the sort that has already been rejected by Democrats. Boehner's office rejected that description. Maybe they have to let the rest of the team see Weeden first? The size. The arm. Maybe that's all they're waiting for to say Weeden is going into camp as No. 1 quarterback. They came surprisingly close to anointing him on the night of the draft, sloughing off the question about a quarterback competition while failing to dismiss another about possibly trading Colt McCoy. Reduced billing suggests UO's need for Bond, Schoeneck & King is waning, which could signal the final days of the law firm's investigation. And because the university is working in unison with the NCAA on this matter, which was illustrated within the documents entitled "Proposed Findings of Violations" released Feb. 24, the end might be near. NJ Transit officials said Tuesday the agency would release a statement later. Officials weren't saying where the state will get the money to pay the bill. However, $1.25 billion of the $2.7 billion the state had committed to the project from toll increases could soon become available. Chicago city officials started to plow many of the city's side streets Thursday, a day after they cleared main roads following the massive winter storm that dumped 20 inches on parts of the city, grounded virtually all flights, led to two rare snow days and stranded hundreds of motorists on Lake Shore Drive. D'Backs 731 The trial judge questioned King regarding his request to represent himself and determined that the defendant was neither adequately prepared or familiar with court process to do so and denied the request. But in 2003, when the Legislature considered the concealed-carry measure, Schnucks neither opposed nor supported the measure, Willis said. July 1997: Five defendants sentenced to life in prison A few days after Pringle's death, the couple's then-7-month-old daughter, Tai'Jah, began rubbing photos of him. "She was his world," Tamisha said. "Every time she would cry, he would run and pick her up, even if it was just a little sound in her sleep." At the pier, Pat Mathews fiddles with her silver bracelets as she leans on a rail and looks across to the white dome that once was home to the Spruce Goose. We fall into conversation, and she shares that even after working the graveyard shift at an oil refinery in Wilmington, she barely slept. Capt. Bryan Parmon, president of the Portland Police Commanding Officers Association, said he had no comment on Wyatt's behalf, because of the ongoing criminal investigation. Meadowview, meanwhile, is in the top 3 percent of schools in Minnesota for academic performance based on the state assessment tests, McCarthy said. Opening statements are scheduled to take place April 23. John St. Croix, executive director of San Francisco's Ethics Commission, the city's campaign finance watchdog, declined to comment on specifics about the Lucky Chances fundraiser but said that items of value that are donated are in-kind contributions that have to be reported. The decade's most improbable best-seller was "The 9/11 Commission Report: The Attack from Planning to Aftermath," published in 2004. Terse and factual, it distills an enormous amount of information into plain language, backed by voluminous reporting. "It's shameful, too, that the Obama administration has allowed...this to become more of a racial issue by perpetuating this myth that racial profiling is a part of this law," she said. The rule will be in effect until Jan. 1, 2014. By then a special commission hopes to refine it and make it law. Steinberg said he has been asked what it will take to get the improvements needed for players’ safety and longtime health, as well as practices that could be implemented at lower levels and in other collision sports. The phone revealed Tuesday is thin, like the old Razr. Otherwise, the new Razr is a different breed from the folding "dumb" phone that made Motorola the second-largest phone maker in the world, before Apple Inc. shook up the industry with its iPhone in 2007. When the NBA lockout ended and the regular season began on Christmas Day, I envisioned myself writing any number of pieces throughout the season. Ryan Burke, Silver Creek 38-39-77 -- Grant Butler viewers and hits with their live broadcasts and regular coverage of activities like homecoming. About 250 of the school's 1,843 students are involved in the program this year. "It's just been a long time coming," he said. Emergency medical responders found the mother in full cardiac arrest, but were unable to revive her, Connor said. Dietz was later pronounced dead at Banner Desert Hospital. Adele’s soul-inflected pop appealed to Baby Boomers nostalgic for Etta James, Carole King and "Dusty in Memphis." It also appealed to teens struggling with the first sting of heartbreak, hipsters who missed Amy Winehouse, traditionalists weary of synthesizers and vocal effects and non-pop fans who simply found it refreshing to hear a singer belt out her blues with conviction. By singing almost exclusively about a relationship gone wrong, Adele made songs that anyone could identify with. Conventional wisdom says that in the fragmented post-modern era, an artist must target her demographic carefully, but "21" wasn’t niche-marketed. It was made for everyone and — surprise! — everyone listened. Former Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner, a Democrat, was among those behind the referendum effort. "First game, he had a good one, and this game he played real well," Vikings coach Russell Vincent said. "He was a little scrawny kid, but he's just a program guy that has continued to develop." Billed as the miracle bra for lashes, Mesmer-Eyes mascara lifts and separates with a comb that has two sides: a wide side to coat lashes and a fine side to separate them. Its paraben-free formula conditions with vitamin E, D-panthenol and bamboo. Available in regular and waterproof. Coach: Larry Sutherland Twitter: @jonbream <U+0095> 612-673-1719 Breakfast will continue to be offered free to all students. Pattonville participates in a federally funded program that provides free breakfast for all students. In addition, the district allows children who qualify for reduced-priced meals to have lunch at no charge. The junior varsity field is not set up for varsity play. There is a temporary outfield fence and a very short backstop. "Yes, judge," Worrell replied, in a slightly more elaborate response than the simple "yes," or "no" answers he gave as his attorney, Peter Toscano, went over the plea agreement during a 30-minute proceeding in Morristown. Prosecutors also are expected to call witnesses to rebut Balfour's alibis. He claimed to have ridden the CTA to a girlfriend's West Side apartment on the day of the slayings, but detectives were able to determine that his fare card had not been used recently, prosecutors have said. "If she'd opened that door, she would have been seriously burned," said Paul Corah, Portland Fire & Rescue spokesman. "It's very dangerous even for firefighters, and we have all the gear and are prepared." 18-year-old Glendale resident. "I never felt comfortable flying, so I went and got my pilot's license," he said. "I never felt comfortable with being in an awkward situation, so I took up martial arts. I just always wanted to take on my fears head-on. That's kind of the way I approach golf. If there's a shot that I don't feel comfortable with, I'll go on the range and work on it until I do, until I turn that weakness into strength. "It is also a hopeful time. It is hopeful in that we know that together we can identify, pursue and hold accountable those that chose to serve themselves rather that the constituents that elected them." Some of those extra feet on the street could come from further reductions in the number of officers in administrative or other nonpatrol jobs. That will be a task for the program manager. WASHINGTON - With an August deadline looming, the House overwhelmingly refused Tuesday to raise the legal limit on government borrowing, setting the stage for a long, sweaty summer of haggling over the shape of the largest debt-reduction package in at least two decades. Jason Botel, executive director of KIPP Baltimore, said Nornhold has more than fulfilled his goal. The 19-year-old outfielder's arm was more impressive than his bat in a 5-1 loss to Arizona that continued offensive struggles the Washington Nationals hope Harper can help alleviate. She never considered working in the gaming business before, but she found it challenging and exhilarating. LOOKING AHEAD: David Huff, competing for the No. 5 spot in the rotation, will make his second start Wednesday against Arizona. Finance - Larry Antoskiewicz The owner of a property assessed at $140,000 will have to shell out an additional $81 a year if the budget is adopted, officials said. “If the goal of this legislation is to replace an already broken system for providing affordable housing with a common sense, predictable and achievable process, then this bill sorely misses the mark,” said Christie in a prepared statement. “The Senate has presented a considerably different version of the legislation I originally supported in June." As far as anyone in an official capacity knows, Metro's unintended usurpation of police powers during that period did no one any great harm, and almost certainly did the hospital system and the city some good by allowing Cleveland police officers to let the security guards keep order on hospital property. In July 2006, Siligato was found guilty of attempted theft by deception, conspiracy, and witness tampering following an 11-week jury trial on charges related to a 1998 fire at his property and related claims he filed with Farmers Mutual Insurance Company. Siligato was sentenced to 11 years in state prison by Superior Court Judge Albert Garofolo in Atlantic County for those charges. "The kids don't want vacations and they hate the weekends," Washington said. "They cry when they can't go to school." Today: at Wash., 4:30 p.m. Of all the people who have been associated associated with the Trail Blazers in their 41 years of existence, the most enduring is surely Bill Schonely, who for almost 30 years was the team's radio play-by-play announcer. The bigger the storms, the more the state has to call on outside contractors — making an average of about $130 an hour — for assistance. Silvert's The property transfer was a deed in lieu of foreclosure -- a process in which a property owner turns over real estate to his lender to satisfy unmet loan obligations and to avoid a costly and time-consuming foreclosure process. A spokeswoman for Securian Financial Group Inc., the parent company of Minnesota Life, confirmed the transaction in an e-mail message. Steven Divine, 22, had been stabbed, while Richard R. Hill, 18, had been shot, authorities said. One notable difference for football was the elimination of the block 'M' on helmets, replaced by variations of the Tiger emblem. It remained a 1-0 game until the 44th minute when Duchesne's Ashley Riley converted a penalty kick to tie it at 1-1. In any case, you can take some comfort in knowing that those customs agents are not seated in a back room somewhere, chowing down on your confiscated foie gras and your grandfather's mortadella. No matter how tempting the haul, all the foodstuffs seized by agents are destroyed. The postponement comes just hours after Delaware's governor announced he would vote "no" on the regulations, which would effectively open the 13,500-square-mile basin up to the natural gas drilling process, which involves pumping chemicals, sand and massive amounts of water deep underground to cause explosions unleashing gas pockets from the shale rock. I know quite a bit about my family history, thanks to work my grandfather did years ago, and this helped me with entering names and knowing which hints were relevant or not. For example, an Ancestry-suggested hint that a record for Florence Ladley was for Florence Antonia Ford in my tree wasn't accurate. I made the most progress when I called my parents for more names and dates. The Taco Truck opened for business in Jersey City in late September, but recently it and other trucks at Exchange Place were told by policemen to move after complaints from nearby storefront restaurants. So for the time being, the truck is more or less stationed in Hoboken. But those who follow the taco-mobile on Twitter and Facebook — where else? — can find out where it will be parked from day to day. The case: On Feb. 8, shortly after 12:30 a.m., Hillsboro police responded to a car on fire in the median of U.S. 26, near an onramp from Northwest Cornelius Pass Road. They found Thomas Ervin Reh, 52, standing outside the burning vehicle. Reh told police he had been driving the car. Reh was taken to the Washington County Jail where his blood alcohol was measured at 0.19, more than twice Oregon's legal limit. JEERS: Ford could have a tough time attracting customers if gas prices continue to rise and customers go for the smaller Fusion or Focus sedans. And with a Taurus-based police vehicle coming out soon, Taurus could go the way of the Crown Victoria, which was eventually seen as an undesirable fleet vehicle. "I will tell you I was going absolutely stir crazy a lot of the last year," he said. "I can't stand sitting on the bench. I'm too anxious to sit on the bench. So this is something I'm excited about, big-time. I'm ecstatic." “Just being able to extend that defense, trap a little bit more, hopefully turn some steals and some missed baskets into some transition points,” McMillan said, explaining the defensive benefits. “Right now we are really just playing a halfcourt game. I want to see if we can extend our defense and pick it up.” Junior Tori Pinheiro says her boyfriend, Austin Brashears, was among those who died in the Saturday morning accident. She cried at the Boston vigil as she recalled how friendly he was and how much she loved him. A bouquet - the For Art's Sake award - to Art Fitzpatrick, a 93-year-old Carlsbad commercial artist (his illustrations of iconic cars have been featured on U.S. stamps) who believes the reporting about the Surfing Madonna in Encinitas has been skewed toward religious controversy at the expense of what really matters: Is the mosaic any good as art? Whitbeck was appointed to the court by former Republican Gov. John Engler in 1997. O<U+0092>Connell, who has a Republican background in Isabella County, was elected in 1994. Kelly, who has been considered as a Democratic nominee to the Michigan Supreme Court, was elected in 2008. The company's stock plunged almost 7 percent in after-hours trading, and the unexpected loss at one of the world's most venerated banks undermined investor confidence. British banks were hit hard — Barclays, which has a large investment banking arm, was the biggest loser in London trading, down 2.9 percent by midmorning. They'd like to see some repairs. Teachers have stormed out of cultural proficiency training sessions, claiming they're being labeled racist. In recent years, states have cut funding to programs framed more around race and less around poverty. Douglas Warner, 48, of Virginia Beach, Va., just retired after 30 years in Navy, including two years aboard the Radford as combat systems officer. One champion from the leagues without automatic BCS bids -- such as C-USA and the MWC -- can earn an automatic berth by finishing in the top 12 of the final standings. As a rule, couture houses are secretive about their clientele. Purchasing a custom-made, five-figure piece of clothing comes with the gift of discretion, a rare commodity in our publicity-crazed world. But executives describe many of their new clients as relatively young working women—doctors, lawyers, executives—who spend their own salaries, often on daywear and not merely for special occasions like weddings and black-tie galas. One of Valentino's recent couture clients, for example, is an equestrian enthusiast who wanted a bespoke jacket to wear with her riding pants. Shamsid-Din Abdur-Raheem, 21, of Galloway Township, is charged with murder and kidnapping in the death of his daughter, Zara Malani-Lin Abdur-Raheem, and remains in custody at the Essex County Jail. Deb Delisle has been confirmed by the U.S. Senate as the nation’s new assistant secretary of education for elementary and secondary education. Another song that takes me back to high school and the 1970s. Gave me chills tonight hearing it in the album seequence. Another masterpiece Meeks has learned to be flexible, such as going from a no-doodling policy to understanding that her students can draw and listen. The general store is alive and well in rural Jersey, in places such as Stillwater, Califon and Woodglen. The Hainesville General Store, like its brethren, is a little bit of everything: deli, grocery, antique store, official deer processing station. The information being transmitted is one of Facebook's basic building blocks: the unique "Facebook ID" number assigned to every user on the site. Since a Facebook user ID is a public part of any Facebook profile, anyone can use an ID number to look up a person's name, using a standard Web browser, even if that person has set all of his or her Facebook information to be private. For other users, the Facebook ID reveals information they have set to share with "everyone," including age, residence, occupation and photos. He was a college teammate of Asamoah's at Illinois but said he was surprised to be drafted by the Chiefs. In the bar at Spenger's, you half expect to spy a glamorous blonde perched on a bar stool, languorously taking the first puff of a slender cigarette while her beau, suit jacket wide of lapel and narrow in the hips, holds out an initialed lighter, reflected many times in a seemingly endless array of gleaming bottles against a mirrored backsplash. 3. Quit smoking. In addition to all its other benefits, you'll get a fast four-point HDL bonus. Despite the heavy media interest, spectator turnout has been lower than many expected. Courthouse officials said they believe it's partly because of rules that require the public to sign up for seats the day before and partly because of the horrific nature of the case. NEW YORK – Yankees manager Joe Girardi noticed the splits. Entering last night's game, Orioles left-hander Brian Matusz had allowed lefties a slash line of .154/.214/.154 while righties teed off for a .333/.424./.514. So, Girardi loaded up his lineup with right-handers, meaning the odd alignment of Chris Stewart behind the plate so Russell Martin's bat could stay in the lineup at designated hitter. "The declining dollar, it's great for parts of the country that make stuff," Hill said. "And we're starting to see the benefits of the shale gas boom. Those new steel jobs, that's all pipe products." Boss Wang and his mistress sat on the bench during every game. The owner met privately with players, made impetuous substitutions during games and screamed like a toddler. Weiss' inability to speak or understand Mandarin was a grave handicap in coaching but a saving grace during Boss Wang's tirades. But Barrett contradicted Feliciano’s claim she and Hinds had agreed not to return Feliciano’s fingerprint card to State Police after he told them it would reveal a "problem" from his past. This is the first time in club history the Indians have been 5-0 following the All-Star break. The five-game winning streak equals their longest of the season. Terletzky said it would take some time for the kids to fully grasp the lessons learned. Winner: Eagles. They traded up from No. 24 to No. 13, got a top pass rusher - Michigan defensive end Brandon Graham - and didn't have to surrender their two second-round picks to do so. While trading Donovan McNabb to the Redskins this offseason wasn't a wise move, Graham will give the Eagles a fine young pass rusher to get after McNabb twice a year. I muttered to myself, "Uh, Grace...What?!? You want to run? Since when do you run?'' All Friday, the main question asked of junior guard Jordan Hulls was how he planned to deal with VCU's vaunted pressure defense. The Hoosiers turned the ball over 22 times Saturday, with Hulls coughing it up five times alone. But somehow, IU prevailed, setting up another showdown with Kentucky -- the Hoosiers defeated the Wildcats, 73-72, in Assembly Hall on Dec. 10 -- in the Sweet 16, no less. Beyond outrage coming from politicians and citizens, the nation’s top military leadership has expressed frustration and disappointment in the additional alleged misconduct committed by at least 10 military service members prior to President Obama’s stop at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia. It may make the difference between a downgrade and an upgrade. And when items near their expiration date, she gives some of it to friends. And she added, she donates a lot of it to charity, especially around Christmas. Not to be outdone, the new House speaker, Dean Cannon, put another vocal opponent of fair districts, Will Weatherford, in charge of redistricting in that chamber. Lucero, William Elliot Whitmore 8:30 p.m. Apr. 12. $18. Draghi signaled no immediate fresh help from the ECB for the shaky economy or indebted governments in terms of interest rate cuts, purchases of government bonds or cheap loans to banks, three chief tools it has used during the crisis. "Arts and cultural organizations are looking at what they have in terms of endowments, cash reserves, everything that they can consider as potential increases in their equity as an organization," Schorgl said. <U+0093>The continued availability of this data is crucial to patient safety and research aimed at informed public policy decisions concerning malpractice, tort reform, peer review, and medical licensing. There simply is no substitute for the NPDB Public Use Data File if this vital research is to be continued,<U+0094> the letter said. Coach Chip Kelly has not scheduled any sort of formal scrimmage for his guys, but says they will practice on Thursday with officials doing most situational stuff, as they continue to break in a handful of young players. Solomon said he would also support more green businesses in the city. All of them have been slow to address the overhang of public and private debt that's choking off economic growth. So Fennell had transplant surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in a 14-hour procedure beginning just before midnight March 4. "For years we asked, 'Is it working?' and they said. 'We're still implementing,'" said Farooqi, the psychiatrist at Patton. "When it was finally time to see the effects, they changed everything. They have basically thrown everything out." Walter Kwok declined to comment Friday, but he did say through his spokeswoman on Wednesday that he wasn't involved in Sun Hung Kai's recruitment of Mr. Hui, Hong Kong's chief secretary from 2005 to 2007, and didn't know what Mr. Hui did at the group. Mr. Hui, one of those arrested in the case, served as a consultant and a director for one of Sun Hung Kai's listed units before 2005. Voters are also split on whether they think Christie will have a harder time dealing with the Democrat-controlled Legislature, which gained one seat last week, due to the results. "I've always said you find out what kind of football team you had in April," Muschamp said last week. "Things like that happen in Vegas," Arbogast said. "We don't want them happening here." So the cast has multiplied the old-fashioned way. As to whether they're adding new housewives to the show -- as Bravo has been known to do -- a spokeswoman says, "That's news to me." We're always on the lookout for "Real Housewives" sightings, so drop us a line if you see them out and about! The details of McCain's health are contained in 1,173 pages of medical documents spanning 2000 to 2008 that his campaign made available to the AP to make the case that he's healthy enough to serve as president, as well as to counter the notion that he's too old. The Arizona senator will turn 72 in August and would be the oldest elected president. Thomas Johnson, which competes in the Frederick County league, is playing for its first state championship since 1997 and won its only title in 1982. Coached by 26-year veteran Ben Wright, the Patriots have made the playoffs every fall since 2006, advancing to the 4A state semifinals in 2007 and 2009. "I told her there is nothing you can do, but make mommy proud," Gary Nghiem said. "Her grades never dropped." Seckman (15-11) plays Fox at Arnold A.A. on Wednesday at 4:45 p.m. Parkway North (8-17) will host Summit on Thursday at 4:15 p.m. Q: What are some moments that stand out in your mind? The Washington Redskins signed kicker Neil Rackers and linebacker Jonathan Goff on Monday. We're getting closer to understanding his genius now, aren't we? It's not just about the gift. It is about his unwavering commitment to his gift. Song of the Year: "All of the Lights," Jeff Bhasker, Malik Jones, Warren Trotter and Kanye West, songwriters (performed by Kanye West, Rihanna, Kid Cudi and Fergie); "The Cave," Ted Dwane, Ben Lovett, Marcus Mumford and Country Winston, songwriters (Mumford & Sons); "Grenade," Brody Brown, Claude Kelly, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Bruno Mars and Andrew Wyatt, songwriters (Bruno Mars); "Holocene," Justin Vernon, songwriter (Bon Iver); "Rolling in the Deep," Adele Adkins & Paul Epworth, songwriters (Adele). "We devastated Al Qaeda's leadership, taking out over 20 of their top 30 leaders. And one year ago, from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama Bin Laden. Along with a quirky wit, the movie also has an engagingly mechanical approach to magical objects, which include a 3-D wanted poster, a treacherous "whomping tree, " an animated map of the school grounds that Harry uses to track his foes and a hybrid bird-horse that Harry learns to fly under the tutelage of giant groundskeeper Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane). Faith Christian 8, Peak to Peak 1 College: Ohio State. "It has all but scared off developers," Wilson said. "They're just amazed at the political resistance in Missouri." At the moment, though, mobile keeps growing. Developers anticipate a fresh infusion of app demand when Apple releases its iPad tablet computer next month. And, with startup costs low, sometimes a good idea is all it takes to thrive. We should note that Brownback has signed a number of bills, including a recent one to designate Clyde, Kan., as the official home of the Kansas Watermelon Festival. A person close to Camby tells Broussard the 15-year NBA veteran would "consider retirement" rather than play for a rebuilding ream. Sparkling wine: Calistoga is too warm to effectively grow the delicate fruit needed for great sparkling wine, but since 1965 the Davies family has been making some of America's defining Champagne-style bubbly from their historic Victorian property and caves on Diamond Mountain. Cheap Trick returns to the Illinois State Fair two years after the group was rained out. In 2010, lightning and heavy rain forced Cheap Trick to cancel after opening act Blondie played for about an hour. In 2011, Kia invested $100 million to expand the 300,000-vehicles-per-year Georgia factory to make an additional 60,000 vehicles a year. Anyway, looks like Robiskie's case is getting a trade. Pizza Pan lost an appeal to keep their complaint in Ohio after the 8th Ohio District Court of Appeals ruled this week that the contract Pizza Pan signed with Robiskie and his agency, The Sports Link, Inc., specifically spells out that all matters would be dealt with in California state or federal court. Portland's last win in Vancouver was May23, 2004. The teams met in an exhibition at the Burnaby Lake Sports Complex on April3. Midfielder Johan Claesson scored for the Timbers in a 1-1 draw. ... Six players return from the Timbers team that finished last in 2008: Cameron Dunn, Shaun Higgins, Cameron Knowles, Tom Poltl, Takayuki Suzuki and Scot Thompson. ... The Whitecaps won the league title in 2008. As long as the weather is good, take advantage of it and eat on the veranda — the perfect venue for people-watching. The Grenville, just a short stroll from the ocean, is a reminder of what the words Jersey Shore used to mean in the era before MTV. And although Smucker spent more to market its top-selling brands last quarter, consumers actually bought less, turned off by higher retail prices in comparison to cheaper private-label brands. The company had raised its prices to cover unprecedented increases in the costs of raw green coffee, peanuts, oils, flour and other ingredients. Ronayne, a political neophyte, started raising money in March, he said. He has 512 donors, ranging from $25 to $2,500. The list includes Forest City co-chairmen Sam Miller and Al Ratner; the DiGeronimo family, which owns Independence Excavating Inc.; and Scott and Adelbert "Chip" Marous Jr. of Marous Brothers Construction, a company referenced in a federal subpoena in the county corruption probe. Marous has not been implicated or charged with any crime. The plane was reported missing about 8 p.m. Sunday. The plane had been due in Corvallis about 4 p.m., police said. The department had been temporarily in charge of the low-performing schools after their sponsor, Missouri Baptist University, gave up its authority in March. "Who vandalized the bank?" Alcantara's attorney, Jesse Ruben, asked. In all, 91 members and associates of seven organized crime families of La Cosa Nostra, including the New England LCN family, all five New York-based families and the New Jersey-based Decavalcante family have been charged with federal crimes in 16 indictments returned in four judicial districts. Another 36 defendants also have been charged for their roles in alleged associated criminal activity. "So if you wiped out that activity, you just about got that park number you need." Despite the exoneration on the murder count, Jackson still faces significant prison time because the jury convicted her of attempted murder. Senior Cody Brittain threw a one-hitter as North Harford rattled off 11 hits and defeated C. Milton Wright, 10-0, in five innings. Louisville might have the best tactician in a field of elite coaches, which has its advantages. "Now that five individuals have been arrested and charged, we will be making every effort to assess whether racial bias played a role in the attack and, if so, we will bring the appropriate charges," Kaplan said. The opposite also is true. For example, Martin Scorsese's "Shine a Light" was good and I like the Rolling Stones, but would have been far better had Mick and the boys provided more personal access. And the film "The Song Remains The Same" by Led Zeppelin (behind the Beatles, my favorite band) is a frightful bore. A study going on in Scottsdale suggests that the city's daytime population, bolstered by tourists, shoppers and workers, could help account for its larger-than-average workforce. China's economy grew at an annual rate of 8.9 percent in the last three months of 2011, but the government, which is worried that the economy will overheat, has set a growth target of 7.5 percent this year. Gov. Mark Dayton, who called it a "hare-brained scheme" Wednesday morning, by day's end said it was a plan "absolutely worth pursuing," as high-level talks among DFLers, Republicans, the team and others unfolded. Schmitz ran only in the 800 and the 1,600-relay, skipping her usual spot in the 3,200-relay. O'Fallon coach Neil James said he will follow the same routine for the sectional. "We have the location for it," Mayor Sharon Quirk-Silva said. "You often see people sitting and enjoying the trains, (and) I think people will be happy that it is back." Some attribute my balance problems to my height. Of course I'm rickety, they say: I'm 6'6." Others, more perversely, say it's my running, that somehow the miles haven't been kind to the stabilizing muscles in my hips. This year, the most curious moment of the legislative session was not the budgetary train wreck on its fractious final day but at a most unusual rally a week before. A crowd of wind energy activists converged on the State House. Surreal chants of "All we are saying is give wind a chance" permeated the air. Gov.Martin O'Malleywas there to greet them, like a minister addressing the faithful. The Blas Aguilar Adobe is on the National Register of Historic Places. According to a report by Taylor, the project is tentatively scheduled to begin in October 2012 with the repairs and reconstruction of external features. The landscape and hardscape work would start in April 2013, with the entire project completed in July 2013. And I think we can all agree that Guillen did not represent the Marlins well here. Heisler — again pointing at Crockam — said relatives and friends from "his world" will also say Crockam was the gunman during the trial, which is expected to continue until the end of February. In the end, I didn't think Russo really added a whole lot to the case against Dimora. Russo just looked liked a much bigger crook. 1. New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner, La. Sets performance standards for projects that receive the subsidies, and allows "claw back" provisions to reclaim tax credits once they've been issued. Dreessen had six touchdowns among his 28 receptions last season and has topped 25 catches in each of the last three years. Barbara Ostrom of Lincoln has a special place for her well-traveled rosewood rocker. Inlaid with mother of pearl, the carved rocker <U+0096> likely made in the mid-1800s <U+0096> was a wedding gift to her grandmother in 1899 in Toronto. It traveled from Canada to Riverside to Oakland, and now Lincoln. The company earned $923 million, or $1.22 per share, compared with $586 million, or 78 cents a share, during the same period a year earlier. Its revenue boomed 30% to $19.4 billion. Berea -- Former Browns offensive coordinator and current Atlanta Falcons receivers coach Terry Robiskie was preparing for his 4 p.m. kickoff against the Seahawks last week when the locker room attendant rushed over and said, "Your son just made a heck of a catch for a 46-yard touchdown!" Bullying of those who appear to be different from the group, and especially those perceived to be weak, is a sad and sorry state of the human condition. It has existed across the millennia, across most cultures, and is often celebrated in America today in such forms as celebrity gossip and sleazy reality "entertainment." While we decry each publicized act of bullying, we turn our backs on a much larger cultural context, ignoring the slippery slope that often leads the most aggressive among us to seek approval from a group, or revenge against a perceived enemy by physical or verbal acts that hurt. Abraham majors in Community Health, which is a less stressful way for an athlete to prepare for an eventual career in nursing. Ben Fogle, a friend of the couple and television presenter, said the mood was relaxed during afternoon festivities at Buckingham Palace with "very funny and heartfelt speeches." Since we may be voting on eight additional casinos in Michigan in November, let's not limit them to Native American tribal groups. It is time to let supply and demand be the only limit -- not just eight -- as with all other businesses. No more favoritism please. A: Whether you're Sonic Youth or Dr. Dre or Kelly Clarkson or the Boredoms, everyone is creating a character, making music and presenting it to the public. Kim, a surprise nominee of President Barack Obama, was selected in a vote by the World Bank's 25-member executive board. He'll succeed Robert Zoellick, who's stepping down after a five year term. The relatives requested that they not be named in this story and asked that the name of their deceased family member also be withheld. Associated PressSen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., right, served on President Obama's Deficit Reduction Commission and may have enough street cred on the right to sell its recommendations -- if he chooses to try.6-1=0: Serious deficit hawks fear that GOP Sen. Tom Coburn's decision to take a sabbatical from the Gang of Six means that there will be no comprehensive budget deal in this Congress. No matter how much the Grover Norquist crowd berated him for even considering higher taxes, Coburn's conservative credentials are so solid that he might have provided cover for other Republicans to accept a compromise combining added revenue with entitlement reforms and lower spending. But with Coburn stepping away from the closed-door talks -- some reports say he grew frustrated with Democratic reluctance to reining in Medicare and Social Security; others suggest he's weary of attacks from the right -- it's unlikely the remaining five will continue meeting, let alone reach a deal. And no one expects much from the negotiations being led by VP Joe Biden, except perhaps a limited-scope agreement that allows Speaker John Boehner to persuade his Tea Party brigade to raise the debt limit until after the 2012 elections. But the civil union legislation took years to pass and was not without controversy, so Thursday evening we’ll have a discussion on our Chicago Live! stage about the issues surrounding the new law. Rick Garcia, a longtime advocate for LGBT rights and founder of the Illinois Federation of Human Rights, and Rev. Bonnie Perry, rector of All Saints Episcopal Church in the Ravenswood neighborhood, will talk with Tribune reporter Manya Brachear – and they’ll stick around after the show to meet and talk with our audience. The Big Man, no doubt, would have been proud. Saul and Rogers will be honored for their service and dedication to youth sports on Friday at the Greater Bridgeton Sports Frolic at Gia’s Catering. They are just two out of 10 people that will be recognized. A portion of the proceeds from the event will go toward rebuilding the bleachers at Salvy Blandino Field. The tournament gets into full swing Thursday and Friday, with 64 teams in action. Seeming chastened by the worldwide reaction to his comments, Blatter's messages for the rest of the tournament were less pointed or were linked to official FIFA photographs and statements. There are, of course, reasons for our wine preferences, starting with biology and gender. A Yale School of Medicine study 10 years ago indicated that 35 percent more women are "supertasters" than men. The study divided the world into supertasters, tasters and non-tasters. Supertasters make up roughly 25 percent of the population, and of that 25 percent, the study revealed, women out-taste the men. Women, according to the study, also out-smelled men. Season series: The Indians went 5-2 against Oakland last year. Oakland leads, 250-220, overall. "They thought it was coming from the school and that there were underlying problems in the room," she said. "There was something going on there that he was not telling us." The victory was a contrast to MU's loss last week after a late slide at Oklahoma State, but Haith said he wasn't worried down the stretch. Works by Haydn, Brad Mehldau, Brahms, Stravinsky Offensive lineman Jeff Baca (flu), cornerback Anthony Jefferson (back) and running back Malcolm Jones (head) were out. … "We believe God does this all of the time," Green said. Before games, I set goals for myself, so I set how many goals I want to get, how many assists, interceptions, stuff on defense and it feels great when I reach them. Because I feel like I set my goals so high, in games when I don't do well even though I still might have done well to me I failed, because I didn't reach the goals I wanted to reach. And in school, it's gotten so much better senior year, but as a freshman and sophomore if I got below a 90, I'd go home and cry. I'd be, "No. I got a B." My mom would be like, "Sam, that's ridiculous. You put too much pressure on yourself." (Laughs) "But above that, it’s important to remember that dry weather makes for some of the greatest quality fruits," Alstede said. "That’s when the sugar density is at its highest. So I think some of the peaches and tomatoes are going to have the some of the best flavor we’ve ever had." In part because of the competitive California grocery market, it's doubtful Fresh & Easy will ever generate enough profit to validate the $2 billion in sunken costs, said Jim Prevor, president of Perishable Pundit, a website that follows the fresh food industry. The issue led Lori into a fight in which he again argued against government intrusion into religious affairs. The bishop battled to keep pretrial documents related to sex-abuse cases — which dated from before his tenure in Bridgeport — from being made public. Lori tried to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court a Connecticut state court order that would open the records, but the high court declined a motion to seal them. During his time with the city, Armendariz was involved with major projects including the building of Milpitas City Hall, the Barbara Lee Senior Center and Milpitas Public Library. Armendariz's departure Wednesday came the morning after more than 100 Milpitas Public Works Department employees and union members picketed in front of Milpitas City Hall regarding outsourcing and potential elimination of nearly 40 workers. Several later spoke during Tuesday's city council meeting attempting to convince officials not to commit to a layoff plan that grapples with the city's estimated $9.2-million budget shortfall next fiscal year, which begins July 1. Northeast On health care, it is no small irony that Obama should face his biggest legal challenge in the one area where he truly compromised his campaign position. Tuesdays, Today, and April 17 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.Saturday, April 21 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. The median price of a new home rose to $241,500 in December, up from a November median of $215,500. For all of 2010, the median sales price was $221,900, up 2.4 percent from the 2009. Bynum was averaging 18.3 points and 12.2 rebounds in 35.9 minutes before leaving Sunday's game in the first quarter. "They're taking on leadership roles very well as seniors, and they're doing a great job with the younger kids," Bruemmer said. "A lot of times they're the ones who get practice going and the whole team is already warmed up by the time I get there. We're in a tough division with Zumwalt West and Howell Central, but I expect us to be decent." øThe supermoon and unusually high tides are linked because of the moon's closeness and its alignment with the sun and Earth, Chester said. Saturday, day of party: 6:30 a.m., AJ's. 7 a.m., Fry's. 8 a.m., clean front porch. 8:30 a.m., make green-bean salad with prosciutto. 10 a.m., start bread. 11:30 a.m., put ragu in Crock-Pot on patio. 11:45 a.m., make basil dressing. Noon, homemade pasta. Alexis Robbers had two goals and two assists to lead Orchard Farm to a 5-2 victory over visiting BaratAcademy Monday. Other key offensive contributors for Orchard Farm were Brooke Burckhardt (two goals) and Kyleigha Wacker (one goal). Hannah Dwigginssaved three of five shots she faced to earn the victory in goal for Orchard Farm. William Balfour, who faces a mandatory life prison sentence, showed no emotion as the verdict was read. Hudson, who expressed her disdain for him when she took the witness stand, was overcome. She bit her lip, tears welling in her eyes and streaming down her cheeks. A minute later, she looked over at her sister, Julia Hudson, and smiled. "I've had so many people say to me, 'She reminds me of my daughter.' I think that's her appeal," the Baltimore Democrat said in an interview Wednesday. "I expect that this is something that will continue straight through to the election in November." Artie Siccardi Come Wednesday's season opener against the Miami Marlins, Matheny realizes there no longer will be an endless bench that can be replenished with backfield talent. Only a limited number of moves will be available, each inviting second and third guesses. Many within his clubhouse believe obsession over those moves is misplaced. Antonis Samaras of the conservative New Democracy party, which leads the opinion polls for Sunday's parliamentary elections, has alarmed some officials by vowing to renegotiate elements of the rescue deal. Anger over the harsh conditions also has boosted the fortunes of several fringe parties that are expected to win a crop of seats in the Greek Parliament. "We're not seeing deflation or inflation; we're seeing con-flation," he said. "Stores are making consumers believe their getting more for their money." Printmaker extraordinaire and wildman Tom Huck was responsible for a cookin' New Year's Eve Party at Matt Strauss' White Flag Projects. Last night (Tuesday, Feb. 10), he was the honoree and chief exhibit of another party that was several rungs above average. Susan Barrett of RKL Consulting threw a party for the completion of the second print of the triptych "The Transformation of Brandy Baghead" at Evil Prints Studio, Huck's workshop on Vandeventer. (Jeff Hartz and Philip Slein, Huck's two local dealers, were co-hosts.) SM: Crescent Valley Sales of wireless contracts, the most lucrative segment of the business because it locks in monthly payments over long periods, may have shrunk for the first time ever in the first quarter. One big reason for the sharp reversal: Soaring iPhone sales in late 2011 may have satiated consumers’ appetites for wireless plans. Four years ago, Obama's campaign used novel approaches to expand the pool of voters, including registration drives at barbershops and beauty salons in African-American neighborhoods. The campaign plans to expand those efforts, setting up voter registration outposts in those settings. The Z-Max was intended as a limited time gimmick. Not any longer. Built in 1980, the house has four bedrooms and two and one-half baths, county records show. It sits on a lot measuring 76 feet by 163 feet. (The board also cut the value of Harrah's casino by almost half, to $215 million; that figure is also an update from the county's original estimate. But even with the reduction, Harrah's will still pay more in taxes this year than last to the Pattonville School and Fire Protection districts.) The NASCAR Racing Experience comes this year to the Myrtle Beach Speedway just across the Intracoastal Waterway from downtown. Also opening next month, it will make it easier to get behind the wheel of a car that was once driven by a NASCAR driver like Jimmie Johnson or Jeff Gordon. This theory runs counter to the criteria used for the first set of potential district maps the commission reviewed Thursday. Those maps were designed to preserve one district for each sitting council member. "But it's a new day and I'm feeling better," he continued. "It was humbling, but I learned from it. When I was coming into Ohio State ... I had some type of ego with me. I felt like this stuff humbled me and brought me back down to the ground -- like, your stuff stinks, too. The group says Kardashian earned the title for "making a private matter public (the end of her 72-day marriage to Kris Humphries) and disrespecting the institution of marriage." Have you considered moving to L.A.? Georgia Works even had 12 participants who were over 90 years old. The Tigers have just one player returning for new coach Kelsey Husak, who takes over for Morgan Lucas. Oscar-nominated screenwriter Phil Alden Robinson ("Field of Dreams") has spent "at least a year buried in 30,000 pages of research" to write the screenplay, Schulman said. There was at least one other storm-related death in New Jersey. A Salem County woman was found in her flooded car Sunday morning. Police say she had called for help, but could not be found. The main menu's rare moment of gimmickry is "fishsticks," strips of panko-coated rockfish served in a little version of a deep-frying basket. The strips are golden-crispy and tasty, the gimmick actually pretty sweet. The accompanying yuzu tartare sauce was a little stinky for me, though, as if it had spent time near a durian fruit. øSimpliciKey <U+0093>It makes me sick every time I think about it,<U+0094> she said. Friday, Mar. 27, 7:10 p.m. If confirmed by the full state Senate, Thomas Considine will head the Department of Banking and Insurance, Poonam Alaigh the Department of Health and Senior Services and Bob Martin the Department of Environmental Protection. Spirrison holds a master's degree in media ecology from New York University and is a graduate of Emory University and the Latin School of Chicago. But he also has bogged down his trial with lengthy cross-examination of prosecution witnesses. On Tuesday, he closely questioned Radomir Kezunovic, a former municipal official in Sarajevo, about the make up of local government in the lead-up to the Bosnian war. Last week, a Canadian court ruled the government must ask the U.S. to return Khadr to Canada but the government later said it has 30 days to decide on an appeal. Prime Minister Stephen Harper has refused to get involved in Khadr's case, saying the U.S. legal process has to play itself out. The volley ripped across a field northeast of present-day Jefferson and Shenandoah avenues at 3 p.m. Oct. 29, 1864. It was a vengeance execution, ordered by the Union command in St. Louis for the murders of Union Maj. James Wilson and six soldiers who had been captured by Confederates. Their bodies were found in Franklin County. In a statement, disciplinarian Brendan Shanahan said one of the factors that went into the decision to limit punishment to a fine was that Weber's action was reactionary. Asked if the fine came with a warning, Weber replied, "I think it's pretty straightforward: Play to the edge and not over. It's cut and dry." Now the two will reunite in Washington, D.C., on April 24 as they verbally duke it out in front of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, Refugees and Border Security. "I remember going over this again and again with Sorensen," Caro says. "He wouldn't agree with me." for cabbage rolls simmered in sauerkraut juice instead of the usual tomato sauce," wrote Crystal Gad of Sorento, Ill. "We think they had rice and maybe pork in them. My German grandmother made them, and they were the best. But now she is gone, and all her great German recipes went with her." Does anyone have the recipe for Gad and her sister? "Lots of times when you tell the kids, 'NCAA says you can't do this,' you hear the groans and stuff like that," said Jeff Hawkins, Oregon director of football operations. "Yeah, I know. But this is the rule." For the eggs: Pour water into a large shallow skillet to about 2-3 inches deep, and bring water to just below a simmer, with just a few bubbles breaking the surface. Carefully crack the eggs into the water and poach about 4 minutes for an egg with a creamy, runny yolk and fully cooked white. 1 garlic clove, pressed or minced Opponents say that allowing Wegmans to have a liquor store would lead to other grocery chains angling for one, and that would be the death of small, family-owned liquor stores. In arguments reminiscent of those used by mom-and-pop shops when Walmart and other big-box stores come to town, the merchants say they cannot compete with the prices and selection that the chains can offer. In a Burke survey of 8,000 people nationwide that was released last year, 74 percent of U.S. consumers said they have used the print Yellow Pages in the past year to find a local business. That's 17 percent higher than those who used the Internet Yellow Pages And while the residential White Pages aren't used as much, 63 percent said they have used those pages in the last year. Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of school districts. They are currently confined to St. Louis and Kansas City. The compensation Akerson actually received in 2011, which was affected by the timing of Akerson's tenure at the company, was $7.7 million, according to GM<U+0092>s proxy statement, that was filed today with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. GM said Akerson<U+0092>s compensation was in the lowest 25% of CEOs at a group of similar global companies such as Ford Motor, Honeywell and Hewlett-Packard. The charges against Osbon, 49, were filed in Texas. He was being held Wednesday at Northwest Texas Healthcare System in Amarillo and remains under a medical evaluation. As general manager of Baltimore's Urban Pirates, Sahhar, aka Capt. Peppercorn, leads the crew aboard The Fearless, a pirate-themed, children-friendly tour boat armed with water cannons. This is the first week of pirate season, which runs through Oct. 31. What a king! I'd be ruler of all that I see! Roughly 20 percent of the 500 expected attendees are medical students, and the number of oncologists is larger than previous years, Moss said. Who among us is principled? By contrast, former San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris, the new state attorney general who is considered a possible future candidate for governor, will oversee 5,300 employees, including 1,110 state attorneys, and a budget that last year was more than $700 million. 3. Orlando, Fla. On Wednesday, the yield on Spain's 10-year government bond fell 0.7 percentage point, to 5.81%, but many fear that yields may surge as the European Central Bank has been sending mixed signals on whether it plans to revive its bond-purchase program.The ECB used the program last year to buy Spanish and Italian bonds after their yields climbed to euro-era highs, but the move has been unpopular in Germany, prompting two German ECB members to resign their posts in protest. Who better to listen to than Hernandez? He was arrested Jan. 19 outside the U.S. Consulate in Santo Domingo, D.R., for using false identification to try to obtain a visa to join the Indians in spring training in Goodyear, Ariz. He has been ordered not to leave the country and was placed on the restricted list by the Indians. “He’s the quarterback, he’s the captain, he’s everything in our offense,” Agaypong said. Senser testified that she didn't see Phanthavong and thought she had hit a construction barrel or pothole. Senser's husband Joe played four years for the Vikings in the early 1980s. Recently, he says, a patient anxiously reached out to him at 10 p.m. wanting the results of her blood work and thyroid ultrasound. From his home, the doctor was able to review her chart on the computer, tell her the results and fax a prescription to the pharmacy. The contest winner’s NCAA bracket will be published in The Plain Dealer next week, along with each celebrity’s bracket. The 301-foot-tall WindSeeker will change the Knott's Berry Farm skyline when the $5-million spinning swing ride debuts at the Buena Park theme park in late June or early July. WindSeeker will carry 64 riders in twin-seat gondolas to the top of the tower, where the ride's metal arms will extend at a 45-degree angle and spin at 30 mph for one minute. -- Aug. 27, Kiss/Motley Crue after party hosted by Vince Neil The plans for the Tustin Legacy project already incorporate methods to keep traffic low, but I will definitely work with the police to ensure they have all they need to keep our city safe. Having spent most of my childhood growing up in Tustin, I certainly intend to keep the family atmosphere of our "City of Trees." Trolling barbecue websites and cookbooks, I found all kinds of suggestions for how best to do this. Put the turkey on a roasting rack; put it in a roasting pan; start it on the breast and turn it to the back; start it on the breast and turn it to the sides and back, ad infinitum. Blue Jays 7, Mariners 2: Edwin Encarnacion hit his third home run in three games for Toronto, and Henderson Alvarez won for the first time since August. Carl Seacat of Seacat Gardens sells most of the produce he grows to local restaurants. But every week he brings a selection of his heirloom tomatoes, carrots, arugula, lettuce, beets and other produce to sell at a farmers market. "The specific example used by the attorney general to support these allegations -- that a father was approached for payment prior to his child being provided care -- was in fact, the opposite," the company said. "Our review of the records ... show that a family member made a special request to consult about financial arrangements and the expected cost of care in advance of treatment. We accommodated his request, and the father expressed his appreciation for our assistance." Question: I am hoping to plant two Washington navel-orange trees in Phoenix. Can I grow this type of orange in our environment? Saturday evening, two leaders of the Portland-area Islamic community led a news conference outside Portland City Hall denouncing the alleged plot and praising authorities who stopped it. Imam Mikal Shabazz of the Oregon Islamic Chaplain Organization, standing with Shahriar Ahmed of Beaverton's Bilal Mosque Association, described his initial reaction to the news as "shock" mixed with "relief." "If people are saying this is just like the bubble, this is not. This is totally different," Heesen said. "This is much more intense than anything I've seen in 18 years." "What if our center position was like hockey?" Karl said. "Four- or five-minute stints, just run, run, run, run. Next guy, run, run, run, run. Because I know Bynum and Gasol don't want to run, run, run, run for 48 minutes." 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper "At the current New Jersey minimum wage, a full-time employee earns only $15,080. In comparison, the federal poverty level for a two-person household is $15,130. If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey," DeAngelo wrote in a letter to the editor published in The Times of Trenton on Feb. 27. On the bubble: John F. Kennedy (6-0), Beacon (6-1), Manhattan Center (3-3), New Dorp (7-2), Fort Hamilton (6-1), Newtown (5-1), Walton (4-2) and Susan Wagner (5-4) The festival's tenth production, "Hamlet" will be performed in Forest Park's Shakespeare Glen from May 26 through June 20. There's no admission charge. Rotary President’s Award: 1904 Olds 11, owned by Scott McKinzie, Neotsu. NEW YORK (AP) — The White Stripes are done. The groundbreaking rock duo, which helped revive and reshape a stale rock scene with their scorching, guitar-fueled, blues-tinged songs, announced Wednesday they are splitting up after more than a decade and six albums together. St. Louis kept up the pressure over the final 30 seconds, but couldn't tie the game. After the meeting, Smith said, "Of course, there is a conflict" with his remaining on the board, but "conflicts are not bad." He said he was still valuable to the board for issues that do not have anything to do with construction. The idea isn’t new. In 1994, Gov. Christie Whitman called for NJN’s demise when she famously remarked that “government ownership of the media went out with Pravda.” Network officials proposed a similar idea two years ago but failed to get the backing of Gov. Jon Corzine or members of the Legislature. "I've always said if I hit the jackpot, the first thing I'd do is buy a digger and dig holes," said Carl Nowlin, a 35-year-old elementary school teacher from Blaine. "I got a prison counselor pregnant once." Now it's reality. State tax collections for the last quarter of 2009 fell 4.1 percent nationally from the same period in 2008, data from the Census Bureau shows. "No matter how much we could raise privately, it would still be a small percentage of the overall money we spend. So we have to use that money wisely to drive innovation," said Anderson, who has been on the job for just under four months. "We also need to make our public dollars stretch further than they do now." The Sullivans are seeking damages from the system and the two schools' principals for the alleged bullying, said to have taken place during the 2008-2009 and 2009-2010 school years. The suit says that during that time, the family incurred expenses for hospitalizing their son for mental and physical abuse, home-schooling both children and sending one to private school. Cabrera made sure the game went to extra innings. With one out in the ninth and the Tribe trailing, 3-2, Cabrera got on top of a 95-mph fastball from closer Sergio Santos and parked it over the right-field wall. Toronto's Kelly Johnson had homered off Vinnie Pestano in the top of the inning. Already it sounds as if some players (see: Adam Wainwright) are planning on using it as a rather powerful force to stoke some motivational fires. In the fall, Bingham tried writing to Mattel about adding a hairless doll to its Barbie line, but all she got in return was a form letter explaining that the company didn't use unsolicited ideas. So, just before Christmas, she and Sypin launched their Facebook page: "Beautiful and Bald Barbie! Let's see if we can get it made." And while my son took pictures of his wild mother as she danced in a circle of amazed Chinese, I would never need those photos to remember. That dance, with that woman, had become more valuable than any purchase, any visit to a monument. For me, that dance would last forever. "He had a large impact on a lot of people," he said. I drove in Friday from the far Southwest Side because it was Opening Day for the White Sox. I drive the Dan Ryan Expy. regularly, and it just hit me - like a ball lost in the sun - what a great thing it is that the Dan Ryan was redone eight to 10 years ago, or whenever that was. What an enormous success it has been. You can drive in during rush hour at a normal clip, 30 minutes from 111th Street to Chinatown at 8 a.m. is incredible. Thanks to all those who planned and designed and had the vision to make it happen. As a player, Ellis was renowned for his unpredictable behavior. Once, he showed up in the dugout wearing hair curlers after Ebony magazine published a story on his hairstyles. In a 1974 game, angry that his Pirates were intimidated by the Cincinnati Reds, he hit Pete Rose, Joe Morgan and Dan Driessen in succession and tried to hit Tony Perez with a pitch but missed. After aiming two pitches at Johnny Bench's head, he was pulled. “I’ve done a couple of plays based on films, and I never go and watch them again. Tom Hanks is one of our great, iconic American actors, but it doesn’t really help you. Other than that they both tell narratives, they have nothing to do with each other.” The adobe structure dates to about 1815. It is known as a source of "holy dirt," accessible from a hole in the floor of a side room. Visitors are welcome to scoop the dirt into small jars or bags. "It was just one of those seeing-eye singles," Thurman said. "I'd grown up playing against Kingsolver in travel ball, and he's a pretty fast kid. It was kind of a letdown, I guess, but I tried not to let it affect me." At an afternoon news conference at the Chester stadium, team and company officials unveiled the Bimbo-adorned Union jersey to a crowd of about 100 reporters, photographers, businesspeople, and team employees. "There really is no evidence of that, in any athlete, that wear and tear, like gradual wearing away of the ACL, is an issue in terms of the injury," Altchek said. Likewise, several apps—including HBO Go, Netflix, Hulu Plus and Cinema Now—required me to authenticate the Xbox for use by logging into my Xbox account and then entering a code into my computer's Web browser. This process is usually done just once per app, but stepping back to the PC was annoying. Ross, who died last year at age 91, was a long-time supporter of the Conservative school, formerly the Solomon Schechter Day School of Essex and Union. "It's an open matter," Ljungqvist said. "In theory, we look at every substance and evaluate. We have to examine what shape the samples are in, both in terms of quality and quantity." An oral argument is tentatively scheduled for Dec. 14 before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Philadelphia. “I want people to say, ‘At least I feel comfortable with how they did it,’ ” Greenspan said. Edward T. Norris, who was commissioner on Sept. 11, had complained that the FBI wouldn't tell city officials the source of a tip that anthrax was about to be unleashed in Baltimore — a threat deemed credible at the time and one that led to warnings but no evacuations. "We investigate everything," he said. "Right now that’s really nothing to talk about. His situation is what it is until that changes. If that changes, we’ll investigate that." Cooper winds up being the star of the movie because of his loudmouthed take on Costa is the embodiment of that friend we all had in high school who we were never quite sure why we hung out with in the first place. On the move: Speaking of parking spots, Road Rant found a new one. Revenue fell 4 percent to $394.6 million in Central and Eastern Europe and slid 5 percent to $330 million for Western Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Revenue for the Asia Pacific region dropped 2 percent to $221.7 million, while Latin America revenue edged up 1 percent to $1.14 billion. Total attendance during this period averaged just under 2,000 people per concert as compared with 1,443 for similar concerts last year. øStill, shoppers should resist the urge to overspend, says Gail Cunningham, a spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. "If you stayed up late or got up in the middle of the night and the item of your dreams is gone, the little voice in your head is going to start saying, 'You're already here. Go ahead and shop,' " Cunningham says. "Get in and get out. The longer you stay there, the more caught up you're going to be in the moment." The lack of disclosure has carried over to the early planning for the summits. The only publicly announced member of the host committee, executive director Lori Healey, offered the first details of the summit planning last week in estimating the total cost at $40 million to $65 million for the overlapping meetings the weekend of May 19-21. "He's such a great asset on the field. I think he's going to be fine because he's doing everything he can to earn the respect from all of us." Parents are remarkably bad at detecting their children's lies. In experimental studies of preschoolers, parents were able to detect accurately when their children were lying only 53% of the time—a little better than chance, according to a 2010 study led by Dr. Talwar. That falls to 33% by the time their kids are 6 to 8 years old. And parents of 9- to 11-year-olds have only about a 1 in 4 chance of knowing when their kids are lying. Speaker John Boehner deflected questions about Obama's new position at his weekly news conference. He said he believed that marriage should be limited to "one man and one woman" and then flicked back to the economy. Arvada West 12 10 14 12 — 48 Graham earned a bachelor's degree in education in 1987 from East Central and then later earned his master's degree. And, lucky us, a bountiful apple supply is close by and ready for the picking on Apple Hill near Placerville. øLow financial literacy makes many athletes susceptible to getting scammed or suffering losses in high-risk investments. Young adults in general aren't experienced with money and often don't have good role models as savers, homeowners or investors. Ramsey said at least eight hires, worth $400,000, were "handpicked" by commissioners. Region: Kamptal, Austria Third, and best, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson joins the cast as a ruthless federal manhunter whose task force is assigned to nab Dom and Brian at any cost. Imagine if Tommy Lee Jones' team from "The Fugitive" spent three hours a day pumping iron and 25 hours a day glistening, and you're starting to get the idea. Between this and last year's overlooked "Faster," it's great to see The Rock re-embracing the action genre, and when his clobbering match with Diesel finally happens, it's as outlandishly room-wrecking as I'd hoped. He adapted to new offensive coordinators, overcame injuries and played from behind year after year. He has withstood media ridicule and withering fan criticism. The controversy surrounding the proposal presented itself in stark detail as proponents and opponents alternated at the podium at the two-hour hearing. established itself as the place to see great local art, as well as to find an authentic taco. The gritty strip, long home to St. Louis Hispanics, continued to draw young artists. They opened studios and galleries and threw art-inspired parties and events such as the Clean Up, the inaugural St. Louis Arts Project Conference and annual Cherokee Print League show. Why the delays?: Boeing says too many of its geographically dispersed suppliers' parts have not met exact specifications; some structural elements haven't met strength requirements, causing flight-test delays. 12:47 p.m. At the same time, foreclosures are forcing county auditors to adjust property values downward, by as much as 10 percent in some areas. Because of the overreliance on property taxes, that threatens schools' fiscal health. Payton said that, as head coach, he should take full responsibility for a program which the NFL says offered improper cash bonuses for blows that either knocked targeted star players out of the game or left them needing help off the field. <U+0095>Edward Scissorhands (1990). Burton gave Depp his big film break as the title character, a leather-clad outcast with scissors for hands and a knack for hairstyling. So here's Mr. Obama in a very rough spot. He needs more than just his base to win, yet he can't win without his base. But he can't secure it without slapping the bear even more. And unlike Ron Burgundy, he's really got no one to blame but himself. But Shayna, a Gilbert High School junior, was killed shortly after midnight Wednesday when police said she walked into traffic. Her death is considered a suicide. "John's daughter, Laura, was upset, but I told her, 'Don't worry, we're in Baltimore. I'll call home in an hour and John will pick up the phone. Last month, the Phoenix-based pharmaceutical company gained Food and Drug Administration approval to market its pain-relieving drug, Subsys. The drug is a single-dose spray administered under the tongue to treat cancer patients who experience breakthrough pain. "It was kind of scary when things started getting bigger," Carney said. "Going beyond the line meant you became part of the problem," he says. Margaret Ann Ruhl, R-Mount Vernon; Kirk Schuring, R-Canton; Barbara Sears, R- Mondova Twp.; Lynn Slaby, R-Copley (sponsor, now on PUCO); Robert Sprague, R-Findlay; Peter Stautberg, R-Anderson Twp.; Gerald Stebelton, R-Lancaster; Louis Terhar, R-Cincinnati; Andy Thompson, R- Marietta; Joseph Uecker, R-Miami Twp.; Lynn Wachtmann, R-Napolean; Ron Young, R-Leroy Twp. (sponsor); Bill Batchelder, R-Medina. "Our perception is very different from the study," said Ray, who says quality of life in Hough is better than many outsiders think. Brian Carter, who facilitated local peer groups with Maggiore, said the movement would remain strong. Pinal County authorities notified the Sequoyah County Sheriff's Department upon receiving the report. øKing gleams as he watches Breazeale move about the ring, throwing combinations into the pads of trainer Manny Robles. About 200 industry leaders sought to identify possible substitute components at a summit organized by supplier TI Automotive and the Automotive Industry Action Group. AIAG plans to host follow-up meetings to implement recommended responses to the crisis. State officials were initially reluctant to put the animals on private land. But McDonald said the bison faced possible slaughter if no home was found. "I know we will overcome this," said Bland, a Titusville native. "There may be some valleys and some slumps as we rebuild. But we'll get back to where we need to be." Keys cleared 6-9 in the high jump, a personal record, while en route to a first-day total of 3,969 points. UCLA’s Marcus Nilsson is second with 3,887 in what is shaping up as tight, two-man battle today for the conference title. Next week: Hancock at Clear Spring; Saint James at Bishop Walsh. Now it gets about 1.8 million visitors a year, about a quarter of them foreigners, who pay admission of $26 to $33 per adult. Watching closely, once again, will be President Obama, whose re-election campaign is welcoming visitors to his website to pick the winners. No wagering please, though anyone visiting the site is invited to donate money to Obama<U+0092>s campaign. Buffett also defended political comments he has made while supporting President Barack Obama and lobbying for higher taxes on wealthy investors like him. Under the terms of the settlement deal, WMI and the other defendants did not admit any wrongdoing. Gunfire erupted at a Venezuelan prison on Tuesday, prompting National Guard troops to use tear gas as they sought to take back control from armed inmates. Consumers have cut spending. Businesses, uncertain about the strength of their own sales or the economic recovery, are sitting on cash, reluctant to beef up hiring and expand operations. A stalled housing market, near double-digit unemployment and an edgy Wall Street shaken by Europe's debt crisis are other factors playing into the economic slowdown. NEW YORK -- Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. said Monday it will buy laboratory equipment maker Dionex Corp. for $2.1 billion. But who knows? The 2012 season could end up being a year fans look back on in awe, just as 2004 is to those of us who watched Bonds maraud <U+0096> with whatever enhancement <U+0096> through those oversize seasons. "We wanted to make sure they stayed," Lee said. "Whenever we get any indication that people want to expand or move, we're on it." 2 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, chopped As the Blues approached the final weekend of the season, Hitchcock remained non-committal about who might start in goal when the Blues face the San Jose Sharks in the first round of the playoffs. He also was comfortable in that skin. In short, these Blues do not have a No. 1 goalie, they have No. 1 and No. 1A. Former Blazers forward Travis Outlaw made two free throws after the timeout, extending the Nets' lead to 94-90, and after Miller missed a point-blank layup, the game was all but over. Only two late three-pointers by Matthews, who finished with 25points, made the score as close as it was. Details: 5 to 10 p.m. Friday; 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday. Throughout Old Town. Free. (619) 291-4903 or fiestaoldtown.com Eldredge tweeted about his condition this morning. His post read, in part: "Headed 2 hospital 4 hip replacement surgery & be transformed into Lee Majors. 4 u youngins he was the Bionic Man." Republicans also would cut taxes for the nation's wealthiest earners, the White House adds, and Obama on Wednesday will note that contrast. Cameron, a vocal proponent of the 3-D format, first suggested converting "Titanic" in 2004, but had trouble finalizing a deal with his two studio partners, Fox and Paramount Pictures, which share the rights. "They were predisposed to do it," Cameron said. "But it was like the two divorced parents having to come to terms on the kid's college fund." "Anne is the only person who could have talked me out of doing the kitchen first," says Kerri, who is the global media director for Nike. "It's amazing what you can get used to," she adds, gesturing toward a kitchen wall where holes in the lath and plaster create a construction-zone feel. Students in the 1,300-student district now spend about 50 minutes more in school each day. They also no longer leave early some Wednesdays so teachers can have professional training time. This results in more hours spent in class at most of the schools this year than last. The state dropped the statutory sodomy count because of an error with the charge, St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas said. That left recommended sentences of nine and seven years on the remaining counts. The maximum time Sanna could have received based on the jury's recommendation totaled 16 years. Between contract talks with unions, new kinds of cars heading to market and increasingly fierce competition, next year should be every bit as interesting as 2010 for the auto world. "deepone" piqued his critics. Ride perpendicular to the Muni tracks: Always ride slowly when crossing Muni tracks, as they are very slick, and be sure to ride perpendicular to the tracks to safely cross them. If you don't feel safe, walk your bike on the sidewalk until the streets are track-free. Merry Christmas Strait to You, George Strait - The king of the cowboy singers will have toes tapping and fingers snapping. <U+0093>It takes a whole lot to penetrate that,<U+0094> he said. <U+0093>It<U+0092>s kind of like a war. You penetrate the enemy<U+0092>s defenses.<U+0094> Experts say the increase in older Asian and Hispanic adults is partly due to the aging of immigrants who came to the U.S. for jobs or to seek refuge from war. Another reason is that some established immigrants are bringing parents from their native country. Also, some Asians and Hispanics have especially long life expectancies. Red Electrica lost 2.2% in Madrid after Bolivian President Evo Morales ordered armed forces to take over a local unit of the Spanish power-grid operator. Tiffany Churchill, 22, remembers spotting a hole in the ceiling and wires dangling down when she moved into the building two months ago. She found a dust-caked smoke detector in another room. She put a battery in it, but it still didn't work. Comments: Some critics of the project are making their arguments in the comments on this story, and developer Mitchell Schneider is responding. Here's a sample: The tendency is even more pronounced in the red wines. Among the 33 on the regular list, there are at least five wines using Rhone varietals, and four Gamays. There's also Zweigelt from Austria, Frappato from Sicily and Hondarribi Beltza from the Basque country. I appreciate everything that Darron Thomas has done for the program, which is A LOT! However, Bennett will make us somewhat forget about Thomas next year. The only real regret is that the Ducks won't have two starting-caliber quarterbacks on the roster. Atletico Madrid 2, Malaga 1 11624 Herefordshire Dr, $22,000 Work on the website was halted last month after Gov. John Kitzhaber told Niswender he was concerned that the graphics and other elements would attract minors. Hardy, considered Niswender's top deputy, had been the primary advocate for the lottery's move to the Internet, and worked closely with the main contractor, GTECH, to develop the site. If you guessed that Chiang is the Golden State's controller, you get high marks (and extra wonk credit if you can list what, precisely, the controller does). Chiang became much more controlling than the average controller after voters passed Proposition 25 in November 2010, the initiative that wisely did away with the two-thirds vote requirement for the Legislature to pass a budget. It also contained a less-heralded provision declaring that lawmakers' pay would be withheld if they failed to pass a budget by the June 15 constitutional deadline. Heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Dip each piece of chicken into buttermilk and then coat evenly with pretzel crumbs. Place chicken in skillet and cook for 2 to 4 minutes or until golden. Turn and continue cooking for 2 to 4 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken to a platter and keep warm in oven while preparing sauce. (If coating starts to overbrown while cooking chicken, remove chicken from skillet, place in an ovenproof dish and bake at 350 degrees until chicken is done.) He said that Buck employee Steve Seitman has been the county's pension actuary since 1988, having worked for the two previous firms that held the contract before joining Buck. "I hope I learned something in six years," said Matz, a former Olympic equestrian. "It's just like anything else, probably the same thing you learned riding - experience." Bandmate Max added: ''She was a bit scary to be honest.'' The network began less than a decade ago with a dozen cameras installed in Grant Park to deter violence during the annual Taste of Chicago festival. It now includes private cameras as well as those installed by a variety of public agencies. 254 BRIARWOOD LN $155,000 Winter then stages a coup. Daytime highs average in the 80s, nighttime lows in the 30s. Life returns to the 3-million-acre national park, and visitors will find a flourishing golf course, horseback rides, Jeep rentals, hiking, swimming pools and the historic and highly regarded 1930s-style Furnace Creek Inn. The plan was meant as a pilot project to fine-tune the audit process before the Nov. 2 general election, when an audit will be required. A legal settlement reached last year -- stemming from a suit the League of Women Voters filed in 2005 against the Secretary of State's office -- mandates audits after all statewide general elections. Brown, 32, was a member of the Timbers' team in 2010, but was limited by injuries. Brown played five seasons in MLS after he was selected third overall in the 2000 MLS SuperDraft by the Colorado Rapids. He started 83 in MLS games, playing for Colorado, Tampa Bay and New England Revolution. The 21st annual MTV Movie Awards will be presented June 3 at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City and broadcast live on MTV. During their 1974 tour of South Africa, the British & Irish Lions were not going to be intimidated — in fact, quite the reverse. When a player was targeted by the Springboks, he would shout "99," a call to arms for Lions players, triggering a mass retaliation by his teammates. The Lions' thought process: "If the referee sends one of us off, he'll have to send all of us off." It worked. In one of the most violent rugby matches ever — later christened "The Battle of Boet Erasmus" — there is famous footage of Lions full-back JPR Williams running halfway down the field to launch himself at Johannes van Heerden. There were scuffles all over the field, sparked by the "99" call. So that's the short-term effect. Longer term, this could be good for the Wings. However, a writing teacher encouraged her to expand a 250-word memoir into a book. When she sat down to write it, Pearl Harbor Day was just one chapter. "That's the way the game goes," said manager Manny Acta, whose team has won 10 of 14 at Kansas City. "Water usually goes to the level it's supposed to be. I knew those guys would bat better, and the first inning was a great example of that." Mr. Putin's day of reckoning, his choice of an end game, may be years away, considering his many strengths. He has reasserted state control over much of Russia's oil wealth and has a loyal power base in the security services. The Kremlin controls television and portrays him as a Slavic stud, in contrast to the ailing Mr. Mubarak or the disgraced Slobodan Miloševic, who lost his grip on Serbia after defeat in the Kosovo war. Intel plans to introduce new mobile processors next year, and Wang said that the company could be competitive in tablets within two or three years. But while Intel may have missed a growth opportunity, Wang agrees with the company that tablets won't gobble up the mainstream computing business. It's a valid question. Sandler seems to suffer from cinematic bipolar disorder: In films in which he simply stars, such as Paul Thomas Anderson's masterful "Punch-Drunk Love," Sandler shows surprising depth as an actor. 2935 Delaware Dr, $112,500 SUFFERN, N.Y. - Ascena Retail Group Inc. is buying Lane Bryant owner Charming Shoppes Inc. for about $890 million, giving it access to the large-size women's clothing market. Here's a tasting-room guide from north to south, along with my wine recommendations: onClick='s_linkType="d"'>matching note card for tasting notes. Host a contest for the cleverest wine descriptions that go beyond <U+FFFD>oaky<U+FFFD> and <U+FFFD>fruity.<U+FFFD> Send the winner home with an extra bottle of wine or the cute wine stopper. "I can tell you the White House is watching," he said of the Just Label It petition that has gathered more than 1 million supporters. "I've had meetings with folks there including the president and the first lady, and when I sit down, it's clear they have been tracking when the numbers got to 400, 500 and 600,000. I've never seen any period like this before." "Judges are in a unique situation ... because of the special job they do and some of the threats they face," Redmond said. But Eureka Mayor Kevin Coffey said the debacle was hard to foresee. Aventura's presence on the bill reflects a recent trend of multi-platinum Latin artists from different genres touring together -- witness the recent Marc Anthony, Alejandro Fernandez and Aventura show, as well as Carlos Vives sharing the stage with Daddy Yankee a couple of years back. Temple Beth El in Bloomfield Hills. “The Family Room” has its own sensational premise that can be traced to real events. Its protagonists have been trapped in a windowless basement room, afraid—or maybe unable—to leave their captor. Dawn is coming soon. The lights are off, the sound system silent and the beasts of the Monterey Bay Aquarium have the place mostly to themselves: the otters, the anemones, the octopuses, the great white shark in the big tank, the lame young albatross in its rooftop cage -- and Kacey Kurimura, who's at the kitchen sink in her apron and waterproof boots, reaching for a knife. A component of the plan referred to as “Opportunity New Jersey” committed Verizon to building a 100-percent broadband network by 2010 “to support data rates up to 45,000,000 bits per second and higher,” BPU’s order to show cause asserts. This transmission capability “enables services, for example, that will allow residential and business customers to receive high definition video and to send and receive interactive video signals” — services residents of Greenwich and Stow Creek townships asserted in February they are not receiving. A Wilsonville veggie burger brand’s plans to expand nationwide wowed Angel Oregon investors Wednesday, landing a $250,000 investment as it launches a rebranding campaign and hires an executive team. For information or to register, contact Donna Mancuso at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital Rahway’s Community Education Department at 732-499-6193 or online at dmancuso@rwjuhr.com. The money is to be used for the creation or preservation of law enforcement jobs to help increase community policing capacity and crime prevention efforts. KENNEDY 3, SACRAMENTO 0 After Game 5, Hitchcock beamed like a proud papa. Out of coaching, and waiting for another chance to lead, Hitch took over the listing Blues on Nov. 8. He gave this young team a purpose and a plan, summoning memories of his glory days in Dallas, where he led the Stars to a Stanley Cup. One restaurant of note: 1833, which is scheduled to open this month, is taking over the space that housed Stokes Adobe. With chef Tim Mosblech at the helm, it should become a popular spot for anyone visiting the Monterey Peninsula. The Mike Appel lawsuit is covered, with interviews with Appel and Bruce and why they battled and Bruce couldn't record for three years. "Doing it in a group helps you to realize that you're part of a team, and the team is bipartisan at best," said Mark DeSaulnier, a Democrat from Martinez. The league’s statement said Vilma, Hargrove, Smith and Fujita were suspended because of “conduct detrimental to the NFL as a result of their leadership roles” with the bounties. Witzig says that there are eight wrestlers back this year who lettered a seaosn ago. the start of the game and never led. Regrets on not getting more wide receivers? With Brent Morel at bat and Kosuke Fukudome on third in the seventh, Ventura called a squeeze that backfired when the pitch was well off the plate. Morel didn't make a strong attempt to get it down and Fukudome was easily out. Ventura said one thought it was a suicide, the other a safety squeeze. "Nobody anywhere agrees on pop anymore," Springsteen said. There is no "One Thing." The effort will begin with the four top carriers, which provide service to more than 90% of all U.S. wireless customers, with smaller carriers eventually coming on board. "The foundation is laid. The deal is done. The jackhammers are ready and it's official: Everyman Theatre is building its new home," the theater's founder and artistic director, Vincent Lancisi, told more than 100 people at the gathering. * Employees and directors don't have to be law-abiding Oregon citizens. They can be drug dealers moving from other states to a place where the grass is greener, and they can be convicted violent felons recently released from Oregon prisons. It wouldn't take many criminals to taint the dispensary system as a criminal enterprise. Following Saturday's games, the Rams' 2012 schedule is set, at least in terms of opponents. In the NFC West, as usual, the Rams play at Arizona, at San Francisco, and at Seattle. Those three teams also play at the Edward Jones Dome. Klovar Investments, a Delaware limited liability company whose principals are Joseph R. Volk and Regina A. Volk, paid cash for a 6,730-square-foot home with a pool originally built in 1984 on nearly two acres at Clearview Edition, a gated community in Paradise Valley. Dr. Joseph Volk, M.D., practices oncology and internal medicine in the Valley. The home was sold by Bank of America in Richardson, Texas. With consumers sticking closer to home this summer, the festival's attendance might stay level or even increase slightly, said Tom Schorgl, president of the Community Partnership for Arts and Culture. His organization works to strengthen the region's arts and culture. All programs free, unless noted. In her spare time in recent years, Schneider ran a charitable organization that helps aging and down-on-their-luck actors and performers. Other Arizona efforts including a fledgling fundraising campaign to pay for building more border fence. Though some people find the cat scary, his owner clearly loves him. Listen for this quote from the cat's vet: Duke shares rose 22 cents to $21.62 in morning trading. Its shares are near their 52-week high of $22.12. The difficulty in managing 34 students in a fourth grade class and 34 students in a half-day kindergarten can be worlds apart, Kolibaba said. "Kindergarteners are a different creature," she said. "They're half-baby, half-kid." No part of the Cardinals team had a bigger in-season overhaul than the bullpen, which turned out to be one of the units integral to the team's success. Through the dramatic September comeback drive and the even-more dramatic October pennant chase, the depth of the bullpen, with its mix of arms young and old, left and right, was instrumental. C.J. McLin Jr., a state representative from Dayton, started the black caucus in the late 1960s when it was known as the Black Elected Democrats of Ohio, or BEDO. He remained its chair until the late 1980s. Bisesi completed 21 of 24 passes for 355 yards, two touchdowns and an interception in a season-opening 35-28 win over Eureka. He threw for 101 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions against Lindbergh. The Chicago Tribune and the Chicago Photography Center will host the 69th annual Pictures of the Year International Education & Awards Program this weekend. The two-day event features presentations by POYi award winners and a 50-print exhibition. The Royals, last in the division, improved to 55-79. They are 5-10 against the Indians. Ron Manzo, brother of Lou Manzo SACRAMENTO — It isn't enough these days for certain state lawmakers to defend their voting records when seeking reelection. Some also have to explain arrest records. "Electric vehicles have the potential to completely transform our business," says David Owens, executive vice president of the Edison Electric Institute, a trade group. The NFL draft isn't a Mega Millions lottery. The odds heavily favor the little people cashing in, but they have to be willing to help themselves. Bypassing the draft's top talent too often is one way to keep ending up in the top of the draft. College of Engineering Dean Cammy Abernathy's plan, stemming from a $300 million statewide budget cut imposed across all of Florida's universities, called for transferring computer science students to the electrical engineering department, moving faculty to other engineering divisions, more focus on teaching and less on research and eliminating all teaching assistants. The company's stock dropped 15 percent on the next trading day, the government said. This is true for any cloud service, not just with Google. The businesses that pay taxes through the individual income tax system account for more than half of all private sector jobs in the United States. So this tax cut will encourage businesses to hire, raise wages, and grow the economy. The sometimes poignant story touches on themes of existentialism ("Who am I?" Rango asks more than once) and environmental abuse. Now say the couple earns income in New York City. New York recognizes civil unions for legal purposes but not for tax purposes, so they have to file as individuals — unless they wed there after the state legalized same-sex marriage in 2011, in which case they can file jointly. 1 teaspoon maple syrup He broke his collarbone after five starts in 2007 and then was beaten out for the starting job the next season by Kurt Warner. He spent the past two seasons with the Texans as Matt Schaub's backup. A: Everything. "There's still pain in my leg," Leipheimer said Thursday in a statement from his team Quick Step. Treatment options Police say a window was open with the screen pushed aside. Sroka Industries Inc., Strongsville: $24,890 from the U.S. Pacific Air Forces, Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, for a Rico PWH-100 436L electric pallet jack. Police identified the pilot as Russell Filbey, 58, of Edinburg, N.Y. The passenger was not named, though Marino said she was the pilot’s sister. Officials said both occupants walked away from the crash with only minor injuries, and were treated at the scene by the Lincoln Park Volunteer First Aid Squad. Filbey could not be reached. "(You knew) somebody in North County was going to be a contender," he said. What's not: Where are the photos? Apparently there are 70 photos in the Italy app I tested, but when I was using it they were few and far between. You won't find hotel room photos either. Also weak are the needlessly distracting mix-and-match costumes -- medieval lords with swords, WWI doughboys and nurses. Officers attempted to place Reed in handcuffs, but before they could she allegedly threw her head back and struck an officer in the chest, causing him to stumble. She apparently continued to say expletives throughout the struggle to secure the handcuffs. Busier factories have also helped boost hiring. There are currently no specific projects being proposed for the Minute Maid site, East Windsor Mayor Janice Mironov said. “We have just lost a Hollywood giant,” said Elton John, a longtime friend of Taylor’s. “More importantly, we have lost an incredible human being.” 'How I Met Your Mother' Weather: Even an unseasonably cold Dublin January seemed a refreshing change from winter weather in the northern U.S., warmer by maybe 10 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit, with no snow in sight. From a kids' comfort standpoint, Ireland usually is neither too cold nor too hot. Bring layers and a good raincoat, and you'll be fine. Besides, in Ireland, it's nice to have an excuse to buy a sweater. "We've been waiting for it to open. We've been watching," said Ann Baugh of Buckeye. Still, whatever hurdles pool operators face will ensure fewer obstacles for thousands of disabled swimmers. A few steps from a Cadillac that has been covered in 120,000 coins, the curious also can view a decidedly different artifact: Lee Harvey Oswald's tombstone. Santana kept mistakes to a minimum early on, but eventually had trouble with command. The first mishap came with two outs in the bottom of the second in the form of a solo home run off the bat of third baseman Ryan Roberts to left field. Santiago (second blown save in six chances) followed scoreless relief work by Addison Reed, Ohman and Nate Jones as the Sox lost for the second time in a row. Among the other burgers recently unveiled: the Elvis (peanut butter and bacon), the Italian Stallion (grilled salami and mozzarella) and the Greek (with spinach and feta cheese). 7. "Red Tails," $5 million. The almost 18-year-old Stevie Bird, will be in the book shop with his owner and biographer, Bertram. The Medical Marijuana Industry Group, perhaps the most influential dispensary- lobbying organization in the state, didn't directly address the letters, instead saying that it is working on an education campaign to make sure medical marijuana isn't being given to kids. One of the program's goals is having the team represented in the Olympic Games this summer in London. Among its accomplishments to date include a 2011 American Open men's team championship and sophomore Fernando Reis of Brazil winning a gold medal in last year's Pan American Games. Reis is ranked 10th in the world in the 105-plus kilogram weight class. Hangout factor: Any attempt to hang out will probably lead to shopping. You can buy some of the fresh-made salsas in bulk, along with guacamole, Mexican-style sour cream, various meats and other Mexican dishes. Fresh tortillas are available on weekends. Bolillos, or birotes, can be found in the bakery along with pan dulce, Mexican pastries. Paprika, for garnish "Crown Matrimonial" is Royce Ryton's history-based account of King Edward VIII and his abdication because of his love for a divorced American woman (which paved the way for his younger brother, George VI, celebrated in "The King's Speech"). This conflict of love and duty will play out on the Newport stage from March 30 through April 29. Johnson-Sirleaf said that she was humbled by the prize, but that the credit went to the people of Liberia, Bargain facials and event makeup On Monday, the Department of Homeland Security will post for public comment an administrative change intended to reduce the time illegal immigrants would have to spend away from their families while applying for legal status, officials said. The current system requires the applicant to first leave the U.S. to seek a legal visa, but under the proposed change illegal immigrants could claim the time apart from a spouse, child or parent would create “extreme hardship” and allow them to remain in the U.S. as they begin the process. Facebook is also trying to find new ways for advertisers to cough up big bucks, since much of the advertising on the site can be done free through brand pages that accumulate fans. In March, Facebook made its biggest push to get advertisers to pay through a product called "Reach Generator," which helps advertisers reach 75% of their fans on the site. European Tour in Jakarta, Indonesia <U+0096> Defending champion Lee Westwood had four birdies for a 4-under 68 in the second round of the Indonesian Masters, which was suspended by rain and lightning. But the Spitak disaster was more than a geopolitical milestone. The earthquake was, in the words of one researcher, a "psychiatric calamity" that has yielded a trove of knowledge aboutpost-traumatic stress disorder. Parents also asked the opinion of assistant director of curriculum Denis Hickey, who was also present. Hickey, who helped start the school, could not be pinned down for a picture of exactly how the consolidation will look either, but conceded that the program will be different. “Not only are there three ballot issues, but the amount of passion involved - particularly with Issue 2 - is notable and unusual,” said Dale Butland, spokesman for Innovation Ohio, a left-leaning think tank. Half of the settlement will be paid to Tyree's widow, Eve, and the rest will be paid equally to his three children. Eve Tyree will serve as guardian of the children's estates. But unlike many end-of-the-regular-season coaching changes, UH's transition from Kevin Sumlin, who was hired by Texas A&M, to Levine, who'd been with the Cougars as an assistant head coach and special-teams coordinator for the past four years, hasn't been traumatic. Instead of avoiding the excellent rays and gnarly surf, she said, people should demand to know more about the chemicals in sunscreen and other products so they can make informed decisions. Fu carefully wraps her feet and slides them back into her intricately sewn shoes. Stoudemire was injured when he punched a fire extinguisher case after Game 2, hitting some glass and needing surgery to repair a muscle. He said the injury could have been much worse, with the cut only a millimeter away from a nerve. He later posted a picture of the wound on his Twitter page. Cowlitz County Public Utility District in Longview, Wash., owns a generator on the Swift reservoir, which produces about 30 percent of its electricity needs. "It's Day One of the second season," captain David Backes said, "where the slates are clean." “This place is like a home to me,” she said. I spend more time here than I spend at home. This is my family. The bond we’ve created this senior year is something I’ll never be able to put into words.” Much of that, Oblak suggests, is due to the instructor. "Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits," is the sly Twain quote from "Pudd'nhead Wilson" that opens PBS' "Prohibition," which begins at 8 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 2, on WVIZ Channel 25 and WEAO Channel 49. Burns and Novick then follow this up with another line by Twain: "Fanatics will never learn that, though it be written in letters of gold across the sky. It is the prohibition that makes anything precious." The former Pennsylvania senator told reporters he was confident "that we can win Kansas on Saturday and come into Alabama and Mississippi, and this race should come down to two people." No mention from Mrs. Claus that the day is actually "Christmas." Doesn't that seem just a little extreme? A man and a woman were arrested after they refused a security guard's request that they leave the popular Scottsdale Quarter after the guard caught them having sex in the shopping center's parking garage, police said. 1 tbsp. capers, drained Sadly, most of us will never have firsthand knowledge of these things. We scrape together what we can and make do with what we have. "We'll regroup and pick them up. We've got a big game, a great final, on Saturday and we'll go again. We'll look forward to the FA Cup final. It's a great event and the motivation is going to be there." The party has had difficulty attracting the Latino vote statewide – Meg Whitman won among non-Latino whites in last year's governor's race, but only garnered about 20 percent of the Latino vote. And the Latino population is growing faster in Orange County than statewide, with Latinos projected to become a majority of the county population by 2040. Tinli, who along with Conway received the highest bail of $450,000, worked part-time at a Grease Monkey service station, Perez said. In the short term, Mango faces a formidable challenge, top-seeded Matt McDonough of Iowa in the opening session this morning. His long-range goal might prove an even taller order, though. Mango plans to compete in the Olympic Trials and become part of a brother act. His brother, Spenser, a CBC grad, fought in the 121-pound Greco-Roman class in 2008 in Beijing and plans to compete at the same weight at the Trials. Ryan hopes to qualify at 132 pounds; he has finished as high as third in national-level Greco-Roman competitions. Kind people had stepped in to help, said Granzotto, a retired electrician who is grateful, too, for donations made to an account set up in his name at U.S. Bank. For that reason, nose tackle Sione Pouha said “the world falls on me and (Mike) DeVito,” his fellow run-stopping force on the front line. Gigot: Great, we'll give them subsidized loans for four years of school, and you'll be able to pay those back with the jobs you don't get. Info: (317) 624-1010; artbankgallery.com. Aside to Indians fans: You’ll chuckle at Pitt’s off-season visit to Cleveland, where Beane hopes to spirit away reliever Ricardo Rincon from a sycophant-filled office seemingly chaired by former GM Mark Shapiro (Reed Diamond). As America's gas supply grows this summer, the industry will be looking for ways to push levels back down and prices back up. Major natural gas producers such as Chesapeake Energy Corp. and ConocoPhillips already have slowed down the flow of gas from their fields. Storage owners and pipeline operators also are expected to accept fewer shipments as they run out of room. And utilities likely will increase their use of natural gas to run power generators, accelerating a shift away from coal power that is building steam. For starters, they don't want to undercut their own candidates in what many consider the biggest swing state for the general election. And if the Florida crisis is not resolved quickly, it could prompt other states to change their voting dates again — with some ballots possibly cast as early as 2007. New Hampshire, which plans to vote Jan. 22, has said it will do whatever is necessary to protect its status as the first presidential primary state. It is really hard to gaze into the huge saltwater aquarium at "The Seas" pavilion at Walt Disney World's Epcot without wishing mightily to jump in and swim with all those creatures. "I want her to look youthful, sassy and sexy," he said. Those subsidies (from Albany, City Hall, Washington) shield riders from the effects of a poorly run system -- one, for example, that gives transit workers unaffordably expensive pay packages. We believe this technology has the potential to revolutionize textile manufacturing, and we want to collaborate with progressive dye houses, textile manufacturers and consumer apparel brands to scale this technology and push it throughout the industry. The Rangers tied it in the sixth. Michael Young blooped a double to right, moved up on Murphy's long fly ball to center and scored on Cruz's single to left, which snapped an 0-for-14 slide. Travis Hafner's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning gave Cleveland the lead for good. Bradley, who said he has been interviewed for the job, tweeted Thursday that he and the staff were continuing to recruit, even in the face of all the uncertainty. There's a joke going around that a woman goes to the "Find a Husband" department store. At every level she has the chance to accept what's there, or go up one level where it gets better, but she can't go back. By level four, the men are good-looking, make good money and are kind. By level seven, they are all that and sensitive and share their feelings. At level nine, however, a sign greets her. It says, "You are woman No. 8 million to reach this level. There are no men here; the floor exists to show that women are impossible to please." Cecil Judd, 83, of San Clemente, was killed when his twin-engine plane crashed and burned in a field behind an Oceanside elementary school on July 27, shortly after taking off from Oceanside Municipal Airport. Witnesses said the Beechcraft 95-855 appeared to have engine problems. Or after a strong showing in spring training landed the 23-year-old in Triple-A Tacoma to start this season, where he has been the Rainiers' everyday third baseman while moving around the middle of the batting order. 6 p.m., June 14: People will be asked to continue strategies and mapping, which would involve decisions about where to locate businesses or hotels. 3. Is this X-ray "just routine"? It shouldn't be. You need X-rays mainly when a tooth hurts, if cavity risk is high, after a mouth injury or to plan certain procedures. To reduce your exposure, encourage sharing of X-rays between your dentist and a specialist. Better yet, make them available online in an electronic medical record, so any authorized doctor or dentist can access your record. Before the proposed $391 million arena became a serious possibility, Sacramento was focused on a new train and bus station as the first major piece of its railyard effort. If the arena deal stays dead, the station would become the focus again. ‘The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn — Part 1” is very good at being a Part 1 movie. Which, unfortunately, is not the same thing as being a very good movie. Traffic volume is expected to soar along with the expansion of technologies such as Internet-connected televisions, navigation systems and video streaming. Shall I go on? Nah. You get the idea. This sort of nonsense has marked the department for decades. Joe Guerino of Nutley shot a 78-pound female bear with a black powder muddle loader. He had help from a trail camera he used to to track the bear. — Chris Erskine "Luckily for me, determination was a characteristic that came easy!" If they did reduce their assumptions for investment returns, they would help shore up some badly underfunded systems. But that could cost taxpayers dearly. "I think she better fits the district than the incumbent," he said. COLUMBUS, Ohio - A backlash from a pharmaceutical company has forced Ohio to change the drug it will use to lethally inject death row inmates. I've been in the retirement plan industry for 40 years, and I manage about $500 million at the company I founded. I set in motion the national legislation that calls for disclosure of hidden 401(k) investment fees, and I've been a columnist for this newspaper for 14 years. Moreover, I have a jaundiced view of the financial services industry and I know something about managing money. My time is flexible. I can afford to be a dollar-a-year man in Sacramento for one day a month. Like other government politicians during the campaign, he clung to familiar themes, citing the start of the bloody independence struggle against France that ended in 1962—rhetoric that has little resonance with the 70 percent of the population that is under the age of 30 and afflicted by a 20 percent unemployment rate. What allowed the plan to work was that, even with a deficit of $4 million, the company was within striking distance of the assets needed to He received more than a dozen Grammy nominations, including as a producer on Don Henley's record "The Boys of Summer" in 1986, and as an engineer for Los Jaguares' album "Bajo El Azul De Tu Misterio" at the inaugural Latin Grammy Awards in 2000. According to the account, detainees at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, first provided the alias for bin Laden’s most trusted courier, a man whom intelligence agents would hunt relentlessly. Police have not release additional information on the incident or the man taken into custody. On Monday we watched a doctor coax a smile from a baby whose wide eyes took in the bustle of harried adults. She knew nothing of the terrifying waves, the radiation leaks and the deaths across the region. She merely registered brief alarm at the unshaven face of a Westerner scribbling in a notebook. During the course of the investigation, it was learned that Plainfield police and the Burlington County Sheiff's Department were looking into similar harassment cases involving a person named Carlton, the report said. Griggs allegedly used an electronic device in some of those instances that allowed him to make his voice sound female, PhillyBurbs.com reports. Jewish groups and grocery experts say the demand for kosher products has grown as younger generations return to their cultural roots and seek out foods with more detailed food labeling. That's dovetailed with Americans' appetite for more natural and organic foods. But why should they all be so terrified, in unison, at that moment? No reason at all — except to provide Beauvois with a bravura scene. Bullying is nothing new. "He was a big, friendly type of officer - the type of officer kids like to hang around," Hafkey said. "Everyone who knew him said this is one of those guys who had a huge heart." The federal agency in 1990 began gathering information on payments to settle malpractice claims against doctors. It also collects reports of disciplinary actions taken against doctors by licensing agencies and hospitals and by the Drug Enforcement Administration. "It was a no-brainer to step in and help," Pettine said last night. "We don’t get a lot of opportunities to do something like this, when you have a chance to have such a great impact on a life." The waste is created from burning coal to create electricity. At Labadie's ash ponds, it's composed of fly ash, a fine, talc-like powder that's captured by filters in the plant's stacks to reduce pollutants released into the air, and bottom ash, a coarser material that falls to the bottom of coal boilers. "Boxing was resumed yesterday afternoon at the new open air pavilion at the ocean beach, and it seemed like old times once again to gaze upon the mass of humanity gathered around the ringside,'' wrote a scribe for the San Francisco Call on July, 5, 1906. "The old-familiar faces loomed up with the same old smiles, and after the first bout was on they all seemed to have forgotten the days of sadness and rooted as they never rooted before.'' Today's story about the fall of "lean finely textured beef" -- also known as "pink slime" -- examines both the power of social media and also how little the public knows about what's behind our cheap food supply. And of course, the reaction they have when they realize it. They protest. But his chief focus will be on improving the team’s performance on the field, something he did in Atlanta and later with the Washington Nationals, whom he served as president for four seasons. Kasten did that in both places by investing heavily in scouting and player development — a blueprint he plans to copy with the Dodgers. For not many minutes of screen time have passed before Manassas loses its first game of the season and it becomes obvious that the title "Undefeated" is not going to be literal but metaphorical, the story of a team whose spirit could not be broken. During the conference call, Einhorn asked for details about the hierarchy of supervisors, distributors and consumers through which the company's products reach the markets. Herbalife President Desmond J. Walsh said 70% of sales were direct to users or consumed personally by distributors. Accomplishment you are most proud of: Completing my "arangetram," the graduation performance of a Bharatanatyam dance that required nine years of practice and two years of specific training to complete. The proposed settlement distributed last month to state officials included rough estimates on the benefits each state's homeowners might receive, but did not include guaranteed numbers. "Do I want more physical play inside and more physical play all the way around? Yeah," Greatwood said. "But the bottom line is that we've got the kids that we've got and we have to find a way to make them work against the LSUs of the world." And it will be home to the Michael Johnson Performance Training Center, which will provide a training system for youth and professional athletes designed and overseen by the four-time Olympic gold medalist in track and field. CLEVELAND, Ohio -- While Cuyahoga County is making an unprecedented investment in preschool, Cleveland is eliminating its program. As often happens in these family fights, small ideological or tactical differences take on outsized emotional impact, and whatever happens today, the Democratic Party probably will need some time to heal. But at root, the arguments being made by the heavyweights in the ring -- and despite the best efforts of earnest rookie Graham Veysey, this remains a two-person race -- haven't changed since the moment the new map set up this death match: Wendy Liebmann, CEO of retail consultant WSL, on how young women weighed down by student-loan debt and joblessness are trading T-shirts, jeans and designer dresses among themselves rather than visiting the mall. Retailers from Gap to Urban Outfitters already are struggling to get shoppers to pay full price for clothes. Now consumers can attend swap house parties and search for new looks online at sites such as Swapstyle.com. In one success story, prosecutors at the U.N.'s Yugoslav war crimes tribunal are close to wrapping up their case against former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic — although it took more than a decade to have him arrested. Since 2002, his lab has worked on breast cancer vaccine research. By Larry Sheehe County workers must take five unpaid days off this year, the third year in a row furloughs are needed to balance the budget. The massive retirement program has been feeling the effects of a struggling economy for several years. The program first went into deficit last year -- the first deficit since it was last overhauled in the 1980s. But CBO said last year that Social Security would post surpluses for a few more years before permanently slipping into deficits in 2016. In Mississippi, the constitutional power of pardon is based on our Christian belief in repentance, forgiveness and redemption -- a second chance for those who are rehabilitated and who redeem themselves. Other great religions have similar tenets; so does the U.S. Constitution. Pernell’s candidate profile says she is a graduate of Princeton University and has her M.D. from Duke Medical School. She is running on the slate backed by power broker Stephen Adubato Sr. After coming to the mainland in the 1990s, he passed through Granite City - and was smitten. What it means: Unions would lose a significant negotiating tool, giving management more leverage. The likelihood of an impasse could increase without the threat of a worker strike. And SB 5’s new impasse resolution process clearly favors management. "We have to enforce our laws in a manner that will please Mexico?" he asked. NORTH ORANGE “In sexual assault or sexual intercourse without consent cases, they’re among the most difficult cases there are to prosecute, because more often than not you essentially have a situation where one person says one thing and another person says something else.… Consent is a difficult matter to prove,” he said in an interview. Addiction and depression were common among Merzbacher's one-time students, as was early death. Of the 14 who filed criminal cases against Merzbacher, three died young. A deputy was flagged down Feb. 7 by a motorist who said a deer apparently had been struck at Breeze Drive and Highway 94. When the deputy arrived he found one deer severely injured and another sitting beside it. When he got out of his patrol car, the deer that had been sitting ran off. The injured deer had to be euthanized. The inclusiveness breeds transparency, organizers said. K Zac Perkins, jr., Howell Purists, though, say antennas shouldn't count when determining building height. The Somerset County Library System (SCLS) management team met with community leaders on April 19 at Raritan Valley Community College (RVCC) to discuss the roles that the library has within the communities served. As an important component in developing a new strategic plan to guide the next five years of SCLS’s development and growth, community leaders spent the bulk of their time at the breakfast meeting talking about the directions the library should take in the future in order to meet the needs of its users. "I didn't invest in @dropbox because I'd been using GDrive at Google since '04 and assumed would publicly launch any day. Whoops," Sacca tweeted. "In the end, my lesson learned again and again? Never count on a big company beating a startup. Never." Strike Two. During one of the many recesses Monday, Johnson and Reed left to go find him at the Capitol. In a quick huddle with his top staff, Deal said if $80 million dropped from GRTA’s allocation in the sales tax, he would accept that and ask the Legislature to fund it with state money as part of it currently is. The list originally contained $180 million for GRTA. Every project on the list has a project advocate, and GRTA’s is Deal, who appoints the GRTA board. The phenomenon is only likely to grow with books two and three hitting shelves on Tuesday, and the film adaptation on its way. In the meantime, some women are finding ways to live out their own versions of the fantasies in the books. øEd McCoy, a commercial mariner from San Diego, has sailed the Newport-Ensenada Race a dozen times. He says the spate of recent fatalities could change a southern California racing culture that can be cavalier about wearing life jackets. "Previously, in most conditions I would be surprised if I saw someone wearing a life jacket," he says. "I think that's going to be changing in the coming year, either because it is Coast Guard mandated or people will be more conscious about the safety of their crew." Still, the third-quarter's performance marks an improvement from the feeble 1.7 percent growth logged in the April-June quarter. The economy's growth slowed sharply then. Fears about the European debt crisis roiled Wall Street and prompted businesses to limit their spending. A valley toddler died Tuesday evening after falling into a pool. Continuing without a signed agreement dealing with the mounting costs of the benefits package, he said, "puts our financial stability in serious jeopardy." "Everything shook but there were no reports of damage," said Roman, who has been a firefighter for three decades. It was just a vibration. I never felt anything like it." Waste Management's expansion into organic fertilizers is part of a broader organic recycling strategy that includes producing methane gas from its landfills to power vehicles, heat homes and generate electricity. And of course you can buy your very own turducken from any of a number of sources -- Heberts' alone sells thousands a year. All that Pat Summitt has done for women, and for basketball, must not be forgotten. Her plays may not have audience members dancing and singing in the aisles, but they do provoke thought. at Chaparral Viola Dower, of Vineland, grew up in Alabama before moving away at the same age Figurea is now. It would be a tall order for even the most seasoned writers: a play that toys with memory and perception, reality and fantasy, past and present. Christopher Wall is clearly ambitious, but he doesn’t quite follow through. And so his new “Dreams of the Washer King” often feels as if it’s slipping out of his grasp. Most land-grant universities face similar challenges, he said, as the cost of keeping animals increases faster than the price of milk or state funding. Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 85. One of my favorite ways to begin is the salade Landaise ($12.50), where a generous tangled mound of frisee captures slices of duck confit and smoked breast encircled by house-fried potato chips and poached garlic. However, the trio of salmon ($10.50), with gravlax, tartare and caviar, needed a squirt of lemon to add a high note. A rich square of house-made shortbread was a fit ending. Lin opened the game with a three-point play, giving him nine straight points dating to late Tuesday, but passed more than shot as the Knicks scored easily in the first half. Lin beat the defense with penetration and dishes to shooters, or by throwing lob passes over the top. The heavenly concoction is at Piatti Ristorante at the Pavilions center in Sacramento, but only for the next five or so weeks, until the end of hedgehog mushroom season. The starter bowl is $12, the entree is $17. Kuykendall said that during "rave-style" dances, her windows rattle from the booming bass music. Neighbors said they've also been disturbed by fliers they've seen for dance parties at the theater, including one that shows a photo of "Topless DJ Starlett" spinning records during "Club Amnessia," which includes a go-go dance contest and is hosted by an adult-film star. In a 2008 interview with the Medical Board, Corona said he suffered an episode of hypomania three years prior. State documents say that he was prescribed Seroquel by his psychiatrist, but admitted to self-medicating from his sample drugs after his psychiatrist moved away. If your filling recipe calls for a pre-baked shell, line the pastry with a piece of aluminum foil shiny-side down. Fill with dried beans, rice or pie weights. Bake in a preheated 425 oven for 15 minutes, then remove the foil and beans. Return the pie shell to the oven and bake for 10-15 minutes longer, rotating the pan a couple of times, until evenly browned. Presley's show on Feb. 26, 1955, at the Circle Theater on Euclid Avenue and East 105th Street might have been his first in the North; his show at Brooklyn High School on Oct. 20, 1955, was his first-ever filmed performance. Ebanks kept starting at small forward while World Peace continued to serve a suspension for elbowing Oklahoma City guard James Harden. World Peace will sit four more games, but his suspension won't carry over to next season. He is Temple’s career leader in rushing yards with 4,217 yards. He had three-consecutive 1,000-yard rushing seasons as a prep star. Vogel replaced the older, gruffer Jim O'Brien at midseason last year. He took a team that was 17-27 and struggling with confidence, infused it with positive energy and a new approach, and led the team to a 20-18 finish and a playoff berth. A sign on the wall reads "Homeless Isn't Any Veteran's Dream." The Missouri State Highway Patrol says Cheesman was injured when Mick's truck went off a road north of Plattsburg on Oct. 9. He died April 19 under hospice care in Liberty. In his first collegiate start, Davis (1-0) pitched six shutout innings, allowing three hits and issuing just one walk while striking out one. With Davis on the mound, Oregon’s offense reached scoring position on just two occasions. "I'm not going to get ahead down here in the field I want to go into," she says. "Based upon a bizarre and unsupportable legal theory, the plaintiffs seek to defy the will of the electorate by seeking a remedy that will result in chaos, confusion and paralysis," the lawyers wrote. - Angela Bassett Stirek, a district alumnus who has had one daughter graduate from Lakeridge High School and has another still at Lakeridge, deemed his donation a "sustainable" solution to slashed education spending. November 2008: President Barack Obama is elected, and Democrats sweep both chambers of Congress, giving hope that a major immigration reform bill will be enacted. Obama had signaled interest in reform that included enhanced border enforcement, crackdowns on people who overstay their visa and employers who hire illegal immigrants and a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants. Lambert had experience with architectural renovation, so when Summers told her about the Biltmore, "she was all for it," Summers said in a 1987 oral history for the Art Institute of Chicago. But don't expect to see Disney Stores returning to other local malls in the near future. Jim Fielding, the president of Disney Stores Worldwide, told me in a phone interview this afternoon that the company is being very selective with its new locations, not wanting to have too many stores. Reed said the shooting may prompt her to install security cameras in her cleaners, which has been on North Lombard for at least 20 years. "You just got to do what you can do to be aware," she said. Photography walk with Gerry Ellis: The international nature photographer will discuss approaches, techniques and perspectives for taking pictures of the natural world and its inhabitants during this 9 a.m. Sunday event; cost is $10. To be sure, first-quarter earnings for some companies are under threat because of the earthquake that struck Japan in March. High oil prices during the quarter may also hurt. Delta Air Lines said last month that fewer flights to Japan and more expensive jet fuel will cut its 2011 profit by up to $400 million. "The fact that we have four lines and roll six defensemen really helps," DeBoer said. "It's a team game. We play that way, and guys really believe in what we're doing. But that's a good team we just beat over there, and we have a long way to go." The food at Saison is as exciting and intricate as at more traditional places, but the surroundings have been minimized. Only one eight-course menu is offered ($98; wine pairings, an additional $68); you either come for the full spread or stay at home. Most disappointing place: Irvine, Scotland. Driving north into the Scottish Highlands, I took a detour to visit Irvine, Scotland. I was curious to see what the place with the same place name as our university town looked like. It was a mistake. There were some pretty old churches and pubs, but a 1970s urban renewal that put a squat mall across the river and a few other concrete-heavy alterations had wrecked whatever charm there once had been. Rice University in Houston sold its license, tower and frequency for just under $10 million, and the University of San Francisco sold its license for $3.75 million. "These things don't just come out of nowhere," Wolfson said. "They come when enough good people, gay and non-gay, engage." By the way, the robbery netted less than $400. Four days after the murder, Winfrey's car was repossessed. Following Sharpton's initial call for Arpaio's job, Arpaio fired back a sharply worded letter that was provided to the press and has been a primer for each of their cable slugfests since. This week, the city of Minneapolis revealed that fire inspectors did not check the apartments for at least 16 years. Some of the conditions tenants described to the Star Tribune would have been cited as fire safety violations, state and local officials said Thursday. About 10% of the islands' 53,000 residents are pensioners or government workers who are owed a pension when they retire. The population includes a mix of transplants from the U.S. mainland, Asians and descendants of the original Chamorro people. Lois Lorenz is thrilled at the prospect of a fenced-in dog-romping field at Honeygo Run Regional Park. Weiser works the phone as few others can as he deftly twists arms and bends ears. He also travels several days each week and has been working 14-hour days, which will grow longer. “The constitution, which I’m sure he respects, calls for a seven-year initial tenure, at which point the governor has the authority to reappoint or not reappoint, Drewniak said. But it all revolved around Hammons. But Bertolucci tries to keep a broader view. If someone is listening to another station, they're not listening to KFI, and she wants to know why. The goal is for KFI hosts to cover a broad enough spectrum of topics to hook listeners of all types. Grab them with a discussion of the tension between stay-at-home moms and working mothers, or the story of a black Labrador retriever who refused to leave the side of its dead fellow Lab, and hopefully they won't be punching buttons to hear what's playing on KIIS or KOST. New Jersey's largest nurses union Tuesday issued figures showing the state's top hospital executives are paid more than the national average in 2007, according to a report in The Record. The hotel will be part of the $275 million first phase of the Flats project, a much-anticipated but long-delayed effort to remake part of Cleveland's waterfront. The Wolstein Group and Fairmount Properties, joint partners in the project, are putting the final touches on their financing package and still hope to break ground within a few months. Plans for the initial development include an office building, a parking garage, stores, restaurants and entertainment venues, as well as 14 acres of green space leading to a riverfront boardwalk. Because of his years of broad legal experience, both inside and outside the courtroom, I believe Mike would make an excellent circuit court judge. Moreover, Mike's practical, grounded approach, would enhance the quality and efficiency of our circuit court. His many years of service in the Oregon Army National Guard JAG Corps reflect his character, dedication and strong work ethic. It is one of several books on the royal romance in the works. They include one by celebrity journalist Andrew Morton, whose 1992 book "Diana: Her True Story" rocked the royal family and punctured the image of Princess Diana's and Prince Charles' fairy-tale romance with its details of bulimia, depression and infidelity. Whoops, sorry. Sometimes a guy forgets he's not covering sports anymore. CLEVELAND -- People were coming and going in the Indians' locker room Sunday and it had nothing to do with the team leaving town for a three-game series in Minneapolis against the Twins following a four-game sweep of Detroit. The screenwriters, who control everything (Mr. Goddard got his start on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," the TV series created by Mr. Whedon), have filled their film with big ideas. "The Cabin in the Woods" simultaneously celebrates and deconstructs the genre's conventions, while touching on questions of ethics as they apply to reality shows, and free will as it applies to all of us contestants in the game of real life, clinging as we do to the belief that we run our own shows. Yet the initial brilliance of the premise is eventually dulled by illogic, the whole thing proves unmanageable and the filmmakers unmanage their climactic revelation with far more zest than finesse. "East Carolina is a good team, and they came out with everything they had," Hampton said. "Matt made some great pitches down the stretch. They were competing and got some hits here and there, but Matt made some pitches when they needed to." The agency, based at Fort Meade, Md., is in charge of gathering electronic intelligence from foreign governments but is barred from spying on Americans. Army Gen. Keith Alexander, the NSA's director, also heads the Pentagon's Cyber Command, which protects military networks. Republicans Terrence O'Donnell and Robert Cupp will face, respectively, Democrats Robert W. Price and Fanon A. Rucker. Laboring back in 1960 on an ill-fated Broadway adaptation of "Hail the Conquering Hero," Gelbart was asked how it was going. His legendary reply: "If Hitler's alive, I hope he's out of town with a musical." About 1 million acres burned in 2007, a year in which rainfall was 58 percent of normal. Two other bad fire years, 1997 and 1999, also had less rain than the average. One recent afternoon, Schooler turned the Foster & Dobbs kitchen into a flavor laboratory, slathering baguette slices with gourmet spreads like pomegranate preserves and harissa to come up with new spins on standards such as salami and peanut butter sandwiches. Before the Cruze went into production, the company last year added a third shift to Lordstown, allowing it to effectively run 24 hours a day from Monday through Friday. All three of those shifts will report on Sept. 10 and Sept. 17. Lawrence's second wife, Trisha, had two little girls when he met her. He says she was "a sexual tiger" and helped him work through his problems with erectile dysfunction. "I loved her. I put up with her attempt at provoking physical fights, which she had done with her first husband, and her controlling behavior. Her childhood sweetheart had beaten her, too. You can book Cotswold Way tours that arrange lodgings for you. But I had been determined to plan the trip myself, and the National Trails website had made that relatively easy. Still, we were never sure what kind of place we’d find ourselves in at the end of the day. With two of the American League's top pitching teams dueling it out for a third straight day, Kila Ka'aihue blooped a winning single in the 14th inning soon after Cespedes' tying two-run homer, and the A's rallied past the Chicago White Sox 5-4 on Wednesday. Spears and ribbons of asparagus ($11) were the stars of another dish accented with ground smoked bread, smears of black garlic and sticks of pickled rhubarb, all crowned with a poached egg. The choice of ingredients again showed a real vision in the kitchen. So doubtful were the Rams of even making the tournament that they watched the Cartoon Network and went out for fast food instead of watching the selection show two weeks ago. Now, they’re Houston-bound after an incredible takedown of the last No. 1 seed. The color is elegant and balanced between light and dark. The aroma is a blend of pretty floral components and richer fresh plum, dark cherry and a hint of dark chocolate. The taste dances across the palate. It's bright with fruit acid and complex with notes of the aromatics. 90 points. Roberto Lima, editor of Newark’s Brazilian Voice newspaper, was awarded $55,000 plus legal fees in response to a civil suit he filed for wrongful arrest in 2008. Lima claimed Samuel DeMaio asked Gerald Carlos, a photographer for the newspaper, if he had a "green card" after Carlos discovered a body in the East Ward in 2007. The Sac Film and Music Festival is the eighth festival stop for "Proposal," a short focused on a man (Sacramento actor Eric Wheeler) haunted by a lost love but preparing, ring at the ready, to move on. Freshman Mac Fleet (mile) and senior Nicole Blood (5,000) are No. 2. Keshia Baker (400), Elijah Greer (800), Jamesha Youngblood (long jump) and the women’s 4x400 relay rank third. Years of figure skating have taken their toll on 1996 men's world champion Todd Eldredge. GM, which has posted three straight profitable financial quarters since its 2009 bankruptcy, said it no longer needed the loans because the company's cash position has improved. GM applied for the loans in 2009 to modernize plants to build fuel-efficient vehicles. The 4-year-old Portland Playhouse and the King Neighborhood Association are entering into a Good Neighbor Agreement to deal with issues of parking and noise around the highly successful playhouse at Northeast Prescott Street and Sixth Avenue. That those kicks weren’t made in massive stadiums against the highest level of competition didn’t matter to the Rams, whose scouts made two visits to St. Joseph to watch Zuerlein. He also worked out for the Vikings, Jets and Bengals and visited the Texans. NEW YORK — “Reality.” Meyer promises to continue cooking in a similar style to what he did at Ned Ludd, but with the addition of a deep fryer, which means there will be pub grub like pork rinds, sweet onion rings and "Freedom Fries" on the menu. The donation buckets were full with everything from quarters to checks, Jennie said. Here's how Handy made it happen. Jones explained all of this to Reed, who left the meeting deflated. And when others are on furlough, Davis says he has had to work mandatory overtime --which means a 16-hour shift instead of the usual eight hours. In his lawsuit, Sanabria accused the Academy of not following the proper procedures to implement the changes, and demanded that the best Latin jazz category be reinstated, saying the removal had a detrimental effect on the musicians' careers by taking away the Latin jazz category specifically. Joe Jackson, Michael's father, was in Las Vegas when he heard the news and told the site that "he is not doing well." There are plenty of contenders for the Golden Boot, though. Andres Mendoza of Columbus and Charlie Davies of D.C. United have 11 goals, and Oduro is one of five players with 10. It needs a beloved star. If approved, Delta will shift three flight approvals it had for Atlanta to Rio de Janeiro to add the flights between Detroit and Sao Paulo. 7026 Garesche Av, $5,000 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided Prosecuting a war against a non-uniformed, multinational terrorist organization is phenomenally complex, and we certainly understand the administration's conundrum. In a situation in which a terrorist leader poses a truly imminent threat, there may not be time to seek judicial review of a kill order. And yet Holder's definition of "imminent threat" is extremely vague, and we're not at all sure how it applies to, say, Anwar Awlaki, a U.S. citizen who was killed in a drone strike last year in Yemen. The government claims to have secret evidence tying Awlaki to past operations, but did it really have information that showed him to be an "imminent danger" in the future? At the very least, the administration should release the Justice Department memo that lays out the legal case for such killings. Kimble said he became close with the family. Although a tough stance on the topic tends to sit well with Republican voters, giving candidates a potential boost in the primaries, it could come back to haunt them in the general election, according to some political strategists. <U+0095> Try the snap test. "When you bend it between your fingers, a fresh needle should snap in half like a carrot," Bondi said. "If it's pliable, it's a sign the tree is drying out." Since then, Aloha Week has morphed into the month-long celebration of Hawaiian culture known as Aloha Festivals, which this year start Sept. 1 and include a giant block party Ho'olaulea on Sept. 17 and the equestrian Floral Parade on Sept. 24, both along Waikiki's Kalakaua Avenue. Although the Royal Court wears ancient Polynesian and Victorian-era dress, you'll note aloha fabrics in the cowboy shirts worn by the male riders in the parade, and spot a number of aloha shirts in the crowds as well. "I hope he looks at it across the board to make sure it's done fairly," Fauta said. ROUSH CleanTech "It was pure terror," he said. And in the case of the Elections Department, that reckless strategy threatens to rip holes in one of the city's most crucial services. Woodcreek 210 000 0 <U+0096> 3 7 1 According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Brown's campaign spent $10.7 million in 2006, when the then-House member from Lorain defeated Republican incumbent Sen. Mike DeWine -- who spent $15.5 million. DeWine had a political comeback last fall, winning his race to become Ohio attorney general. 7831 Lafon Place, $707,350 The college's president for almost five years, Solley has about 34 years of experience in higher education. She has a doctorate in higher and adult education from Arizona State University. The war ended, the workers quit the shipyards, leaving behind hospitals and doctors but no patients. So the company decided to open the system to the public — and that's how generations of Californians who never heard of Kaiser shipyards have since gotten medical care. LOS ANGELES — The bleacher fans went gaga over Lady Gaga at Sunday's Grammy Awards, but then how often do you see someone arrive on the red carpet encased in an iridescent egg-shaped container carried by a gaggle of scantily clad men in gold. Tucker Cipriano, 19, accused of bludgeoning his father to death with a baseball bat, appeared Thursday in Oakland County Circuit Court on charges that he violated his probation. The break-in and shooting happened in the 1600 block of Du Vall Court, a well-kept neighborhood off Feise Road with houses on large lots with sweeping lawns and long driveways. St. Charles County sheriff's spokesman Lt. Craig McGuire gave this account: <U+0095> Christmas presents for his children. The group meets privately today. By October, it hopes to have a firm sense of how residents' perceptions of police match statistics provided by the Police Department. Although senators disagreed on how much protection to offer rural post offices, they did agree on one point: They approved an amendment by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) that would close five of seven post offices in the Capitol. The home of the "butt hut" is now a court for lunchtime games of volleyball and basketball. The campus is dotted with No Smoking signs, even on the outside steps. And the county encourages quitting as part of its Vitality program, an interactive website that awards healthcare discounts for working out, taking classes or earning first-aid certification. Rematch! With John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins and all of the other future pro parts that the Wildcats had last season, they still couldn't get past Da'Sean Butler & Co. in the Elite Eight. Revenge is a dish best served a year later. Kentucky, 78-69. Said Brown: "We didn't let off the gas at all." <U+0093>The severity of the situation was not readily apparent to us,<U+0094> she said. What: The Cleveland troupe performs works by artistic director Bill Wade. 6 Ladue Meadows Ln, $396,000 The fireball was probably the size of a minivan weighing about 154,300 lbs, estimated Bill Cooke, a specialist in meteors at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. All weekend, local organizations including the Susan G. Komen North Jersey Affiliate and the Jersey City Medical Center will showcase products and services. For a moment, the paralyzing fear inflicted by his baffling forehands and tireless offensive onslaught were insignificant. Djokovic, who’d badgered and frustrated Nadal on hard courts like these over the past three years, was doing it again, interrupting his pursuit of tennis history. "Everyone involved in safety communications understands that there are opportunities to consolidate and make the best use of our resources," Safety Director Martin Flask said in an e-mail. 5. What does the state control in Newark? The board announced Thursday that Reid’s employment will end July 1. She was reassigned from chief operating officer to special projects during the investigation, but maintained her salary. Mary said she was brought up as a Pentecostal, and her husband was brought up as a Baptist. Roman reads the Bible every night, she said. He prays every night. Whiteside would love to be on the court grabbing rebounds and blocking shots <U+0096> the two things the coaching staff wants him to focus on. But before he can do that, he must get healthy. The weaker Europe becomes, the more it may drag down the rest of the world through three channels: damaged confidence and investment, fewer imports, and less credit to businesses and households. Remember: Europe is about one-fifth of the world economy, roughly equal with the United States. The 27 members of the European Union are the world's largest importer (excluding exports to each other), just ahead of the United States. And European banks operate globally. Idema was, among other things, a plaintiff in numerous unsuccessful lawsuits, including one against filmmaker Steven Spielberg, who Idema claimed stole his life story for a movie. He also spent three years in jail in the 1980s after being convicted of a fraud charge. “The hardest thing I have to do right now is walk to class — those are things that he just wants to be able to do,” Hall said during a quiet moment this week. “This was a kid who was squatting 600 pounds before he got hurt. He just wishes he could get back and play Xbox in the room with us on his own. He’s an inspiration. When you’re tired running sprints in practice, Eric would love to do this right now.” The charges were the result of investigations by the Department of Labor and Workforce Development and the Division of Criminal Justice Major Crimes Bureau. Shannon also echoed Vanaman and Messeck’s sentiments on a street patrol. Luckily, plenty of healthier cookbooks abound, in many categories. Whether you prefer generally healthful recipes or specialize in low-fat, Mediterranean, vegetarian, vegan or heart-healthy, they're out there, too. But turn on a tape recorder or put him in front of a camera and he changes completely. The judge has supported the overall goal, saying a digital universe for books would let libraries, schools, researchers and disadvantaged populations gain access to far more books, would help authors and publishers find new audiences and new sources of income and would allow older books — particularly those out of print — to be preserved and given new life. <U+0093>It is unacceptable that a controller raising a serious safety issue after an incident in which airplanes came dangerously close together must persist in raising the alarm both inside and outside the agency over a years-long period in order to prompt an appropriate review of the matter,<U+0094> she said. It is this sea change of culture that formed the discussions this week in Seattle. Gathered in the Seattle sunshine – isn't always sunny in Seattle? – those who were attending the Festival of Preaching Northwest pondered what it means to ask "is there a word from the Lord?" in culture where pews are often vacant. The question is daunting. The state's unemployment rate is at the lowest level it's been since 2008, but Wisconsin lost more jobs than any other state between March 2011 and March 2012. Since Walker took office 16 months ago, only 5,900 private sector jobs have been created. "Red Tails" has prompted them to use their vast email network and paid advertizing products to promote a viewing of the film tonight. "What these defendants are doing is lawyering us to death" using taxpayers' dollars, DeWine said. In the past, journalists who dug into the court files and state disciplinary records of questionable doctors could occasionally identify them in the federal database and uncover additional information unavailable from other sources. Journalists used this information to report on shortcomings in the way doctors were regulated. Romney also met Brian Rossi, an IT professional lives in Harrison Township. Wearing a "Mitt happens" shirt, Rossi, a Republican, said Romney likely will get his vote. James wasn't at the meeting, but Kristl's reasonable question shows the kind of opposition that will be mounted by Kansas Citians who don't want higher taxes or fees. That said, the Wings have won one Stanley Cup in the last 10 years and been to the finals twice. They are one and done this time, nullified by Nashville last week, short of the conference finals for the third consecutive spring. That's not exactly Tiffany & Co. material. When the travelers -- some as young as 14 -- disembark, they discover that the photographs the men sent are outdated, their successes are a fantasy, and a hard life awaits. We also know the snare that history has set for them. Decades after they establish themselves, they will be sent to internment camps. "Tell Rasmus I'd like to talk to him," said the 88-year-old Diering of his desire to instruct current Cardinals' center fielder Colby Rasmus. "We cannot raise premium costs to employers at this time," Morgenstern testified at a recent legislative informational hearing. Money to boost disability benefits can be found within the workers' comp system, he said. Kalra finished with a shot to the groin. Saying that Measure B would impose unfair limits on disabled cops, he pointed out that Constant is getting a 50 percent disability pension, which he claimed was a sweeter deal than a cop in a wheelchair might get in certain cases. ("It's not surprising that Ash resorted to personal attacks; that's what people do when they can't win on the facts," Constant told me by email later.) Edge: No question. Judge Weissbrodt. The crowd left satisfied. "This is the part I expect him to react to," she says. "Anything we can do to distract him. Scratch his ears if he likes that." A man and woman <U+0096> co-owners and life partners Janel Inouye and Ed Roehr <U+0096> waited for customers to discover their cafe. "We hear less and less comments at the register that 'Oh, I shouldn't be buying this,'" he said. "They don't edit their purchasing as much." That's his passionate reaction to the moment, his way of telling opponents "No, you can't pull that play on me." "That was certainly not my plan," said Nightingale Dawson, of Downers Grove. "With everything that I had been taught and told, I thought I had time." MAYFIELD, Ohio -- Arianna Huffington joked about her ex-husband, shared wisdom from her mother and told stories of her own rejections Wednesday to encourage women to pursue their goals, whatever they are. The National Pork Producers Council said Wednesday that the FDA "did not provide compelling evidence" that antibiotic use in livestock is unsafe. Pitt has discussed the possibility of marriage in media interviews. He personally had a great run in the 2010 playoffs, with 18 points in 12 games, but that was the same year he had missed two-thirds of the season after suffering a blown out knee, and the rest of his teammates were gassed after two straight years of playing into June. In a letter dated Jan. 3, 1862, and to be released Tuesday, Kodner said, he finds a way to express much more. The 6-foot-6, 215-pounder also played in all three of Erie's post-season games, averaging 14.3 points, 9.7 rebounds and 5.3 assists in 42 minutes. The 22-year-old played four seasons at St. John's, topping the 1,000-point plateau and averaging 11.7 points, 6.1 rebounds and 2.4 assists in 129 career games (125 starts). Later, he was booked into the Multnomah County Jail on accusations of being nude in public and disorderly conduct. "I think his characterization of where we are is correct," Varvares said after hearing the speech, "but his notion of muddle through is probably down toward 2 percent growth" in gross domestic product. Macroeconomic Advisers is forecasting 2.6 percent GDP growth this year. Their goal is to study the multiple cases of imprisoned innocence, discover what went wrong in the past -- and figure out how to prevent it in the future. The group sends volunteers to help rebuild communities across the country affected by disasters. The bill still needs the final approval of both the House and Senate, and it's unclear if it has the votes. It is expected to be on today's agenda in both chambers. 2004-05 - Mike D’Antoni, Phoenix The presence of such “superbugs,” as they’re sometimes called, threatens public health because if they sicken humans, they can be impossible to treat. "This is the hardest condition for the Amgen Tour of California in the six years," said Levi Leipheimer, a three-time winner who has ridden in all five Amgen races. To be sure, being praised isn't the same as being crowned. Several executives Mr. Buffett has lauded lavishly in the past—including David Sokol, Joe Brandon and Rich Santulli—are no longer at Berkshire. bond. If your antennae just went up, you're probably not alone. Anderson, who played right in the middle of baseball's infamous steroid era, has never apologized for his obsession with better training through science. Here is a look at the "Modern Masters" lineup, in the order the dances will be performed. Letman knows it better as a God-given gift. The lineup behind him just may not be a Xerox of the opening day starters. "My goal is just play happy ... with a smile," Choi said. Francis Howell teachers, for example, will receive an average Upon arriving there, they encounter Sven (Hank Azaria), a most-unusual penguin in that he can fly. This captivates all of the other penguins, who treat him as some sort of mystical character. Certainly Erik is captivated and takes Sven's mantra -- if you want it, you must will it, and if you will it, it will be yours -- to heart. The boy, an eighth-grader at the school, was shot in the chest by the district police officer, who was investigating a broken window in a portable classroom containing computers after an alarm went off, Pasadena Independent School District Superintendent Kirk Lewis. The officer said he felt threatened by the boy, whose name wasn't released, Lewis said. An agreement between Reebok and the NFL Players Association to market merchandise featuring player names and numbers expired on Feb. 28. A separate decadelong agreement between the apparel maker and the NFL to market NFL jerseys expired on March 31. "He's been home caring for her the past couple of weeks," Penner said in an interview. Outfielder Darin Mastroianni and righthander P.J. Walters are headed to join the Twins, with Walters getting the start Saturday against Toronto. A third girl who uploaded one of the pretty/ugly videos in September attempts a few model poses in childlike pedal pushers and a long, multicolored T-shirt after posing the question. She takes down her ponytail and brushes her hair as she stares into the camera. After spending at least $66 million largely to pound his Republican primary opponents into submission during an unexpectedly long primary, Mitt Romney needs money. The Cougars had their top finish from senior Sam Deitte, who tied for fifth overall with an 84. The book is just one part of a Sensational Alex Harvey Band renaissance. The People's Palace museum in Glasgow is currently hosting an exhibit on the group called "Alex Harvey -- A Tribute" that has been held over due to popular demand, with more than 2,500 people attending the opening. The one early surprise? Offense. Xavier scored 12 runs against Mount and then hit double digits again Friday. But Adams wasn't the only one seeking to find spots for Lyle's students. "Nobody in St. Louis can function without that man," said Jane Gleason, chairwoman of the county's Historic Buildings Commission. "We've all allowed ourselves to lean on him so much that the idea of losing him completely upsets the apple cart." (Yes, "We Bought a Zoo" is inspired by a true story, but there are major tweaks. Most profound example: The author lost his wife after the zoo was purchased.) For the teenagers, the project is fun. And yet, to be fair: May was rustic, wasn't he? An old-world amiability and ease were at the core of his appeal. As the show points out, May played many roles in his life, including salesman, developer and daredevil pilot, "but the role he perfected was that of an 'old Californian,' a man of the West, free and easy in his living, relaxed and without social pretension." "MetroHealth will do its very best in meeting the additional demands placed on its trauma services by this change," Dr. Brendan Patterson, chairman of orthopedic surgery at MetroHealth, said Thursday. The hospital, he said, is sifting through data to see how many more patients it would have to care for and how many would be serious trauma cases. Several large U.S. companies reported earnings before the market opened. MasterCard rose nearly 6 percent after the company beat analysts' estimates. Clorox fell 2 percent after the company said higher commodity costs were eating into its income. Mosley was tentative from the opening bell, moving backward and seemingly unwilling to engage Pacquiao. With good reason, because a left hook by Pacquiao found its mark with a minute left in the third round and put Mosley on the canvas for only the third time in his 18-year pro career. He also said he plans to see if organizers would agree to meet with a lawyer, working for free, to have the breakfast committee organized as a nonprofit organization so that it could boost scholarships. Proceeds from the breakfast help fund a scholarship at the community college. -- What a fun scene from "L.A. Confidential," with Pearce getting tough and Kevin Spacey getting a laugh out of it. Please click here. Two years later he was found guilty of crimes against humanity, murder and torture, then sentenced to 35 years in prison. There he remains, the only high-level Khmer Rouge official brought to justice to date. Dennis C. Wilson, as surety for DC Wilson Co. Inc., D.C. Wilson Co. L.P., Wilson Diagnostic Systems LLC, DC Wilson Co. LLC, D.C. Wilson Co. LLC, Wilson Family L.P. and Wilson Family Investments LLC, 407 Holly Lane N., Oakdale; filed April 20, 12-32346; Chap. 7; assets, $465,160; liabilities, $400,223. ANN ARBOR, Mich.<U+0097> About one out of every five U.S. households owe more on credit cards, medical bills, student loans and other debt than they have in savings and other liquid assets, according to a University of Michigan report out this morning. I parked near the entrance to the Petrillo Band Shell, thinking we'd walk in, purchase our tickets, get a bit to eat and head over to the concert. We did this every year. "It really changed the way an airport functions and the way people feel about a trip to the airport. You'd wait by the gate and watched the plane come in. You can't do that anymore. … Airline travel is much more of a business experience as opposed to a social event," said Swaim-Staley, who later became Maryland transportation chief. Around 11:30 a.m. today, a brush fire was reported along the west-bound lanes of Route 78 in Lebanon, near exits 20A and 20B. Lebanon Fire Company and Clinton rescue squad were dispatched. Starring: Will Ferrell, Genesis Rodriguez, Gael Garcia Bernal, Diego Luna Three Lions, all members of last year<U+0092>s draft class, have been cited or arrested for four different marijuana-related offenses over the last three months. This video contains the full, 21-minute speech. The two clips below are excerpts from it. Other clips are available on our initial post, or you may download the audio files: 48855 Barola Ct., $95,000 From hordes tromping down red carpets from January through December, we nominate these ladies as the Best Dressed of 2011: Radio: WARF AM/1350 Nippon Steel, Japan's No. 1 steel maker with a stock market value of about $23 billion, and its smaller rival worth $12.5 billion said Thursday that they aim to be operating as a single company by October 2012. Will you explain this kind of leukemia? Did the leukemia start the infection? - L. Well, how stupid were we? Mark Angell, president of MOYL, e-mailed, "I'd like to add that 'Music of Your Life' will continue to repeat its daytime all-star line-up overnights on KALI as we've been doing in all markets across the country for a couple of years." The talent roster includes Peter Marshall, Johnny Magnus, Pat Boone, and Les Brown, Jr. Blanco is a world traveled MMA veteran who has fought for highly regarded international organizations such as Pancrase, World Victory Road and Strikeforce. He is also known for his wild style. This is his UFC debut. Brimage is an Ultimate Fighter veteran with very good striking and knockout power but a deficient ground game. I did get my chance to marry a girl. When then-Mayor Gavin Newsom challenged state law and issued marriage licenses to gay couples at City Hall in 2004, I waited in line for seven hours with my girlfriend. Marital bliss lasted six months, until the California Supreme Court invalidated us, saying Newsom had no right to marry 8,000 gay folks. Upland Nursery, Orange Their teammate Jack Graney did not make the Hall of Fame, but the Ontario-born outfielder is in the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. He also went on to hold at least one distinction: He was the first batter to face a young pitcher named Babe Ruth. "As soon as the House gets back to work, they should do their part and pass that bill in similarly bipartisan fashion," the White House said in a statement after the House vote. "Pride and Prejudice": Magenta Theater has roles for nine men and 12 women. Auditions Feb. 17. 360-606-0033. The American Chemistry Council's Steven Hentges, who oversees BPA issues, calls the expected FDA announcement a "nonevent" and said it does not in any way indicate that the federal agency agrees with the advocacy group's position. Rather than waiting for orders from above, these groups act first, then give credit to the mother organization, which in turn often offers praise that bolsters the affiliate group's standing. U.S. and international forces have battled al Qaida in Iraq for years, and AQI is thought to be trying to make inroads in the uprising against President Bashir Assad in neighboring Syria. Here's another idea. How about somebody calling Stanley Jackson a camera repair man. It would allocate $4.2 million for a 200-seat Sparks Elementary addition; $18 million for a new 700-seat Mays Chapel Elementary School; $34 million for Hereford High renovations and additions; and $18.5 million for a new elementary school in the county's northwest. Blame Canada. Bromfield won three PSAL city titles with the boys and three others with the girls. She went to the championship match 10 times in all, making her one of the most successful volleyball coaches in the history of PSAL volleyball. Who decides the first outdoor concert? It's a shame the Tennessee coach didn't wear his trademark orange creamsicle sports jacket Friday, because it only would've helped underscore what a joke his Volunteers team was. With dismissal talk swirling around him, Pearl and his team quit against Michigan and lost by 30. Good riddance, Brucey. "Given this stronger-than-expected inflation trend, we see a growing likelihood of more aggressive policy responses," says Jun Ma, China chief economist for Deutsche Bank in Hong Kong. He figures the government will be under pressure to extend price controls to energy products and raw materials. Jennifer Bailey, president of the Western Slope Conservative Alliance, was an early supporter of Maes and hosted events for him. On Thursday, she called him "disappointing." The whole point of becoming self sufficient in energy — as well as importing crude from friendly Canada — is to become indifferent to crude purchased from countries that want to destroy us. Oil prices are set by global demand. If we produced additional crude so that global productive capacity is in excess of demand, world crude prices would fall, and as Mr Corredoira correctly observes, OPEC would be forced to cut production to maintain prices. However, OPEC members are not all equals in terms of production and population. Countries such as Nigeria cannot cut production because they have an immediate need for cash. "I don't mind the chalk the first few periods," the Sierra Vista Middle School science teacher tells her sixth-period class. "But, oh ..." According to Buckeye Fire Chief Bob Costello, the collision occurred between Miller and Watson roads on westbound I-10 around 6 p.m. I came up with this easy sweet potato dip spiked with chipotle peppers. Cooked sweet potatoes are blended with almonds, garlic, lemon juice, chipotle peppers and classic chili seasonings for a rich and creamy dip. Serve it with pretzels, tortilla chips, toasted baguette rounds, carrot sticks or hunks of flatbread. It opens with a shot across the bow at Cordray's Republican foe Mike DeWine as a female narrator intones: "For years Washington insiders have torn apart our country" as DeWine's picture flashes on the screen with a graphic detailing his time in Congress. The groom chose his friend Nick Rogers as best man. Jeff Marshall, brother of the bride, and Sarkis Hitti, friend of the groom, were groomsmen. Todd Marshall, nephew of the bride, served as an usher. It all added up to the Blazers' best performance of the series, but it nearly wasn't enough as Dallas got a huge game from reserve Jason Terry (29 points, seven assists), and another steady performance from star Dirk Nowitzki (25 points, nine rebounds). But this time, the heroes from Game 1 and 2 came back to Earth. Jason Kidd had more turnovers than three-pointers, and Peja Stojakovic was a quiet 3 for 7. That same lopsided coverage has characterized the ongoing debate between Obama and the leaders of religious institutions that object to his contraception mandate. According to a Gallup poll released last week, 49 percent of men back the religious leaders in that dispute and 44 percent back Obama. The split among women is almost identical: 47 percent back Obama's critics and 46 percent back Obama. I'd like to see Oregon take the weakest part of its waiver application -- say, the part about English language learners -- and turn it into a blockbuster. Oregon could become nationally renowned as a state that turns those "hard-to-teach" students into bilingual college graduates, by enlisting everyone from preschool teachers on up and by ending the financial incentive to teach English slowly. Tackling this one challenge would pay dividends for all students, because it would require Oregon to be more strategic, more creative and less defensive about virtually every aspect of K-12 education. The new contract calls for entry-level workers to get about $3 in raises over the next four years, bringing them to $19.28 per hour. Three Sun Devil women on last year<U+FFFD>s victorious 4x400 relay team return. Meanwhile, defenseman Kris Russell returned to the lineup Thursday, after missing nine games with a groin injury. The new ownership group, according to sources, will name former Blue and Hockey Hall of Famer Brett Hull to a management position. No other changes to the team's management staff, which includes President John Davidson and general manager Doug Armstrong, have been announced. I liked it. West High School's fantastic drum line kicked off the groundbreaking, doing its thing on Navajo Street just north of West 10th Avenue in the Lincoln projects. Every women's school sprint record has been set since Johnson came aboard, first as the assistant in charge of jumps, sprints and hurdles and since fall 2009 as associate head women's track coach. Ditto for the long jump and triple jump. The incident -- in which Romney reportedly cut the hair of a student who was presumed to be gay while others held him down -- and Romney's apology for it has drawn a variety of responses from political commentators on either side of the spectrum. "The message was merely a confirmation of what I had already concluded -- that this is real for him," Jackson said of the governor. "We disagree about some things, but he's all in on this. He's genuine about it." In May of 2006, she joined daughter Charlotte's Westview High School team at the Mira Mesa/Rancho Peñasquitos Relay for Life, a national American Cancer Society fundraising event held in various cities throughout the year. She remembers that her hair was just growing back in. She also remembers that she had no idea what she was getting herself into. Principal Jeff Horn is questioning the data that landed Henderson's Green Valley High School in the company of elite prep schools and specialized technical academies on U.S. News and World Report's "Best High Schools" rankings, released Tuesday. At Bonita GC "What's unacceptable, what's caused concern and anger, frankly, is they changed the policy after our men and women were already deployed. They look at it in simple terms of breaking faith. Promises made were not kept." If companies increase hiring, that would boost incomes and give households more money to increase spending. Consumer spending accounts for 70 percent of economic activity. Weakness in spending has been a key reason the economy has been growing at sub-par rates over the past year. That said, Blade is waaay too serious. Great superheroes need to have a sense of humor and some perspective. This is where guys like Mr. Incredible score points. Of course, I'm biased because I kind of have a thing for his superhero wife. Don't ask ... Griffith and Kramer represent respected, long-standing community institutions. I understand they need to work with elected officials. But if you don't have a good lawyer get one. Find one who doesn't have to be chummy with politicians. One who can work privately to zealously ensure the rights of those who are mentally impaired, those unable to vote for local politicians in local elections, those who don't show up at public hearings. Nov. 9: SAVANNAH, Georgia -- Girl Scouts are no longer able to sell their famous cookies outside the historic Savannah home of the woman who founded the organization almost a century ago. It's the second time in three games San Francisco has been dominated. "It is important to have a clear picture of exactly what we are facing," said spokeswoman Alicia Trost. "Our role is to do the least amount of harm to aid our economic recovery. In past years, Democrats have stepped up and made the cuts needed to balance the budget. This year will be no different." But by last night, he said he’d likely be back on the trail today because Isabella had made a “miraculous turnaround’’ and is expected to be released in two to four days. Its funky festival started nine years ago as a way to kick-start the busy vacation season and support local farming. Series history: The Blazers won three of four meetings last season and have won six of the past seven, including six of seven in Portland. Camby led the Blazers with averages of 20.5 points and 12.5 rebounds in two games while making 16-of-22 shots. Powell says state police are working with the Illinois Department of Transportation to decrease the number of crashes on these ramps and are offering up plenty of suggestions. The most common sense advice, he says, is to pay attention to posted signs near the ramps. "I said, 'In Ellicott City?' I've lived here 10 years. I've never heard of anything like this. We thought we lived in the safest place," said Sealey, who recalled having driven by St. Peter's church several times. Reds that beg for ice: Just because it's "not against the law" doesn't mean it's "OK to do" or "a nice treat" for wife or family ("Kamenetz, council members got tickets from developers," May 2). Maybe I'm just jealous. After all, no corporation has given my family Ravens tickets recently — or ever. The storm also caused power failures in some areas. In Tempe, officers were directing traffic at intersections in blackout areas, police Lt. Scott Smith said. Significant outages were also reported in Apache Junction. "There was probably damage to that relationship that was never going to be completely rectified," said Gary Delagnes, president of the San Francisco Police Officers Association. But he said Harris established good working relations with the force, understood the prosecutor's job and "was a huge upgrade from Terence Hallinan." Benefits tab: Issue 2 has drawn the attention and money of groups from outside Ohio as well. All the Missouri Senate did on Thursday was to put "government personnel" in their place. Funny thing is she doesn't recall why saving a few bucks seemed worth it at the time. "With other things, I'm a stickler for the truth and being honest. I guess it's a matter of degree, and whether the lie will have serious consequences or not." Billboards have gone up around Atlantic City promoting the value sell with the slogan "Finally, a casino for the rest of us." The invitees are among a bipartisan group expected to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House Tuesday afternoon to discuss revamping the immigration system. Happy Family Kids When the game was over, they had even more reason not to like Cousins. Goings declined to comment to a reporter after the hearing. His attorney, public defender Dramon Foster, said Goings wants to get back to Toronto to his ailing wife, who is homebound and suffering from breast cancer. In politics, we tend not to vote for wallflowers. We like charisma, boldness and new ideas emphatically stated. This is part of the reason Type T politicians so frequently win the day. But once in office, they may also display less desirable risk-taking behavior. It's in their personalities. "It's a cliche, but it is really applicable to Joe: He definitely did it his way," said Todd Black, a producer and former partner of Wizan's. "He was fiercely loyal to his clients when he was an agent, and he was fiercely loyal to his colleagues, both when he was running Fox and when he was a producer. The plan worked as De Soto (15-4, No. 5 small-schools) ran out of gas. Parkway South outscored the Dragons 17-6 through the first six minutes of the fourth quarter. What had been a 10-point lead ballooned to 21 by the time Stevens called timeout and removed his starters. Toward the end of the 19th century, explorers documented more than 100 glaciers, some covering nearly 1,000 acres. Five years ago, there were 37, and today, 27. By 2030, scientists predict, they will all be gone. Playing without injured receiver Andre Johnson for six games, Schaub still led the offense to an average of 27.3 points a game. He was replaced by Matt Leinart, who suffered a season-ending collarbone injury in the first half of his first start. To the rescue came rookie T.J. Yates, a third-round pick who was supposed to carry the clipboard all season. Tierney's story is told in a documentary featured at the Chatham Marconi Maritime Center. The center, in conjunction with the National Park Service, is also gathering ham radio operators to relay commemorative messages to other wireless operators around the world during the anniversary weekend. The effort began Thursday and will continue around the clock until Sunday afternoon. When the Blackhawks begin their first-round playoff series Thursday against the Phoenix Coyotes, Leddy will be part of a notable group of young players who, despite their age, already have experienced the elevated speed, intensity and pressure of the postseason. 7. Kerry Wood, Cubs (1999): Wood was a sensation at 20 in 1998 when he struck out 20 Astros and pitched a one-hitter in his fifth major-league start. But he missed the 1999 season with torn elbow ligaments and never again reached the heights of his rooki In all, Conway stole at least $25,000 from city coffers from January 2010 to March 31, 2011, according to prosecutors who say at least some of it came from a $90,000 federal grant in fiscal 2009 that was meant to pay for an extra police officer. Cody Grimm isn't against being drafted by the Cardinals, but if it happens, he knows he might have more position coaches than any other rookie strong safety. Berkeley, the top seed this year, is the defending champion and winner of 11 titles <U+0096> five since 2006. He was always telling me not to believe all the things I’d read in the paper. He said there were lots of rumors, that “people have me dead already.” Boeing has more than 200 suppliers — most of them in Southern California — that are expected to be involved in the satellite program. The company's backlog of satellites is now 32, excluding classified work for the government. Other symptoms may include dry, scaling skin on the legs, feet or ankles, itching near the vein, dry or thinning skin, changes in color and burning. For McGraw Wentworth, the benefits of being named one of the best places to work in Michigan extend far beyond corporate pride. Truman at William Chrisman, night Banks resident Franklin Smith expressed his anger at the hearing. The fatality interrupted service for about two hours. At 11:50 a.m., north and southbound tracks reopened for maximum speed. Hunter describes protecting pensions and workers' rights as top priorities if he is elected to the Senate. "Being in the Top 10, that's incredible," said Donna Abbott, communications manager for the Town of Ocean City. "There are a lot of destinations out there and to consistently rank in these various listings, is certainly something we as a town and as a vacation destination are very proud of." Details: pdx.edu/careers or 503-725-4613. John Rainey, an administrator at Wiregrass Medical Center, in Geneva, said a child was brought in with injuries then flown to another hospital. The staff had geared up to try to help other survivors, but their hopes were dashed when reports of the deaths came in. Corbett said he expects more allegations of abuse to materialize, a common occurrence in abuse cases. In Ellisville, political newcomer Adam Paul, 32, won a four-way battle to become mayor, a win that also may have implications for a proposed big-box development. Paul beat City Council members Michelle "Shelly" Murray and Dawn Anglin. Jim White has just released his fourth album, the best of his career and sure to remain, nine months from now, one of the best of 2008. A musically complex collection of 12 distinct songs, "Transnormal Skiperoo" belies its whimsical title by probing big questions about human behavior — Why do we put our faith in superstition? Why do we let our damn minds imprison us? Why do we "let some space case say false is true"? Why do spend much of our lives "turning diamonds to coal" and "counting numbers in the air"? Why are we haunted by a parent in the grave "saying what a useless thing I am"? The Lions' next challenge is a welcome one, their first home stand of the season, Friday and Saturday versus Mercyhurst (4-2). This weekend is one of just four when they will host an opponent this season. The team has 13 road opponents and 23 road games. Bates, who has lived here for 35 years and recently penned an article about the local economy called "Boring is Not So Boring," said everyone he has told is enthusiastic about the partnership. Meanwhile, over at Chaifetz Arena, the competing St. Louis Super Music Festival played out, bringing forth all sorts of funk and soul with Charlie Wilson, Fantasia, Eric Benet and the return of En Vogue. Host Ricky Smiley provided the laughs during the painfully overlong evening that ended well past 1 a.m. Hollywood launched a potentially record-shattering summer with a vengeance, "The Avengers" landing as just the first of three huge superhero tales that highlight a lineup filled with other blockbusters in the making. For Alvarado, it's also about not being able to let go of old clothes she loves. Sort of like the penultimate scene in "Pretty in Pink," when Molly Ringwald sews old prom dresses into her own creation, refashioning is a favorite pastime of Alvarado's. While carving, try to keep the meat skin-side up. You've worked hard to make it crisp, it would be a shame to let it get soggy from soaking up the collected juices on the carving board. After the show, Shanahan’s wife said, “Someday you’re going to do this play.” Housed inside Lung Shan Restaurant, where Myint and Bowien also hosted their popular Mission Street Food dinners, Mission Chinese also offers takeout and citywide delivery. News about same-sex marriage has pointed in two opposite directions recently. After being with her and her family for awhile, they suggested that the two of us go to Municipal Stadium to see the doubleheader between the Tigers and the Indians. Looking back, maybe her parents had already made decisions about my involvement with their family -- get him out of the house. My knees hurt, I'm on the road away from my family, I'm a bit grumpy, feeling sorry for myself, poor me. And halfway through, I'm starting to have fun, to warm up, and then I have this epiphany, "You stupid old man, you're doing what you love, shut up and skate and just enjoy this." And so the second half, no more thoughts, just music and dance. A coat comes from the ceiling, I put on my tails, a hat comes from the audience and a man throws me my cane, and I go crazy and have a good time. And then my thoughts come back for the bow. And the bow is really silly. "I love bowing. I'm no Scott Hamilton, but I'm not bad." And it's a really fun program to do. I love props and I love hats. I'm addicted to them. LEHMEN KEYES, 66, Oviedo, died Wednesday. Tri-County Cremation and Funeral Home, Longwood. For a copy of Garden Notes No. 108, "Grape Vine Pruning," please send a self-addressed stamped, business-size envelope to: Garden Notes No. 108, UC Cooperative Extension, 4145 Branch Center Drive, Sacramento, CA 95827. The judge determined that Murman might deserve $8,000 - a fraction of what he has requested - and that Acacia should not have to pay that bill. The Orioles, in conjunction with the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration, are releasing Orioles cartoon bird State of Maryland license plates. The plates, which cost $50 apiece, are partially a charitable venture, as $25 of that goes to the Baltimore Orioles Charitable Foundation. <U+200B>134 Clifford St., Newark; (973) 466-3344. After the cruise, you have about 30 minutes to walk around the ship, which was fun to do even though it was docked. The attorney representing Elizabeth, John Reilly, said today, "the city is reviewing the decision and we’re considering our options." He declined to comment further on the case. Breast cancer can strike anyone, including those who avail themselves of contraception. Shame on Komen for succumbing to pressure from anti-abortion groups and risking the health of the very women for whom they claim to advocate. Most oil-packed tuna in the U.S. is packed in soybean oil. Going back a few decades, somebody whispered to someone else that oil adds unnecessary fat and calories, so many people choose tuna in water. That's not a bad idea, according to the American Institute for Cancer Research. It notes that albacore tuna has the most healthy omega-3s of any canned tuna. Because oil and water do not mix, they also remain better in the fish so are less apt to be drained away in other oil. Four major health organizations recommend eating seafood twice a week for the benefits of omega-3s. What: Cain Park presents the musical by Henry Krieger and Tom Eyen, directed by Victoria Bussert. The dramatic reorganization announced Friday got its start when Williams and Norris reached out to the California Endowment and Ridley-Thomas, hoping to rescue Drew, Ross said. But he added that it was clear a wholesale leadership change was needed. Sunday, March 24, 2013 at 3pm Gold Spike. Prince also came oh-so-close to playing in the U.S. Women's Open, but lost in a playoff in a sectional qualifier at Royal Oaks in Vancouver in May. She seemed to have a spot sewed up when she hit her approach on the second playoff hole to four feet, but competitor Sue Kim of Canada chipped in for birdie, and although Prince made her birdie putt, Kim won the playoff two holes later. Some claims are so popular that no matter how often they get debunked, politicians or their campaigns can’t stop using them. Santana said that he'd seen a lot of budgets, and that could probably be explained by a loss of grant money from the federal or state government. "It was a great experience for me,'' he said of his time in Cleveland's front office. "We had a lot of success. Those five years were, from a winning standpoint and from doing things in the right way and in the community, were as good as the Cavs have ever had, and it's something we're all proud of.'' The toy drive ends Saturday. Gifts will be handed out between 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. Saturday at Riverfront Stadium. "We're talented," IWA coach Dan Rolfes said. "But we're not as athletic as we were last year. We have to play a little different style than we did last year." P.S. You can also stop using the term "WINNING!" Cleveland Philharmonic Orchestra. Cuyahoga Community College's Metro Campus Auditorium, 2900 Community College Ave., Cleveland. Seeking members for string section (violin, viola, cello and bass), substitute brass and percussion for 2009-10 season. Come prepared with one solo piece and one orchestral excerpt of your choice. For an appointment, call 216-556-1800. Rehearsals: 7:30-10 p.m. Thursdays. Details: go to www.clevephil.org for season's repertoire and schedule of concerts. Some may help avoid a costly prescription, purchase or doctor's visit, while some just offer an alternative way to tackle a common problem. This roundup consists of simple solutions that often have a basis in science, be it chemistry, biology or physics. In a Thursday briefing, White House press secretary Jay Carney said the administration has "been in numerous consultations with Congress" over the "limited" military action in Libya and that Obama has made it very clear that sending ground troops to Libya is "off the table." One night, still wearing his red velvet pants from a Sweet and Meaty gig, Dietel stopped by a Hunterdon pub for a drink and saw Bernie. “I had just played five of his (Parliament/Funkadelic) songs the night before and there he is just sitting there.” "Law & Order: Los Angeles" (NBC) The Maryland Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that the state must provide lawyers to indigent defendants during bail hearings, overturning a long-standing practice under which newly arrested individuals face court commissioners alone — often in private, unrecorded proceedings — to argue for freedom. BEIJING - The Chinese Foreign Ministry's usually staid news briefing showed some spark, with 14 out of 18 questions concerning the first expulsion of a foreign journalist from the country in more than a dozen years. When Lopez answered "20 minutes," Parera made himself a cup of coffee, sat next to her and waited. The elaborate scam she pulled off with Gerald Sullivan, her fast-talking husband who also served as auctioneer, is not a pretty picture. 746 Leland Av, $1,000 “I regretfully resigned from the fire department. My obligation as an elected official serving the residents of Oldmans Township is a more important issue,” Miller said. Both men were also charged with committing a robbery in Howell and theft in Manalpan. Moments later, a nurse returned to separate the families. The Guerra family was told their young daughter, a bright soccer star, had died. In June, William Berloni received a special Tony honor his long (if hair-covered) career as a theater animal trainer, which beganin 1977 when "Annie" opened on Broadway with his four-legged star, Sandy. Ruth Marcus writes for the Washington Post Writers Group. The film was nominated for four Oscars and won a bunch of other awards. Julian Schnabel took best director at Cannes, the Golden Globes and the Independent Spirit Awards. Cue more dazzling backing vocals, as Franklin's sisters breathlessly repeat "Sock it to me!" in a dizzying mantra of desire. The school is on the Webster University campus, just east of the Loretto-Hilton Center. Parking is available in the Garden Park Plaza garage and along Garden. My 250,000 kid figure is just an estimate, based on Bush's previous comments and my conversation with his wife. But what my educated guess demonstrates is the effect one person can have in this life and the idea that as sophisticated and technologically-driven as the world has become, we still have not outgrown community and certain old-fashioned connections with the past. Any student who is not yet up to date should make an appointment with their local healthcare provider, or call 877-PA HEALTH (877-724-3258) to be connected to their local state health center. The most recent copy of the student’s vaccination history must be provided at the time of the appointment. Students must be accompanied by a parent or guardian. Such harmony between the siblings is rare in rock music circles. White Mystery has none of the storied conflict of the Beach Boys, Oasis or the Everly Brothers. Kodak, the company that brought photography to the masses at the dawn of the 20th century and was known all over the world for its Brownie and Instamatic cameras and its yellow-and-red film boxes, was brought down first by Japanese competition and then by its inability to keep pace with the lightning shift from film to digital technology over the past decade. Like when a couple is driving along and the wife asks the husband, "Would you like to stop for coffee?" and he says, "No thanks," so they don't. Among the concerns raised by opponents of state enforcement laws like Arizona's SB1070 is that illegal immigrants will be afraid to contact law enforcement when they're victims of crimes or when they have information that police need to know. “I think there are two ways to program concerts with contemporary music when it’s mixed with more classical pieces,” Saariaho says. “The music could have a direct relationship — my music is often played with works of Debussy or Ravel or Sibelius.” Talks are fluid, but several people familiar with the talks say that outlines of a deal could be agreed upon within weeks. News from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve of a pickup in mid-Atlantic manufacturing also lifted the market, having offset a weaker-than-expected report on first-time claims for unemployment. At the time, Wonsom, a troubled youth from Laurel, was being held at Cheltenham on charges stemming from 2009 burglaries in Laurel — in one, a resident found Wonsom eating his food and watching pornography on his computer. But after Wheeling's killing, Wonsom was accused of stabbing a neighbor in another break-in in the fall of 2009, when fingerprints from that crime scene matched those on file for Wonsom. At the time, Nilsson issued a statement saying the company was committed to Portland. On Wednesday, Hainer did the same. In her approach to teaching, she strives to be innovative while maintaining rigor in her classes. Where: The former Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland space, 8501 Carnegie Ave., Cleveland. (Participating galleries: William Busta, Bonfoey, Tregoning, Shaheen, Kokoon, Kenneth Paul Lesko, 1point618, Thomas French, Harris Stanton and Wach.) the dean's list for the 2010-2011 fall semester including Steven Robnak of St. Louis, who earned honors, and Victoria Levasseur of Chesterfield, who earned highest honors. But as fractures appear in their united front, Young and Horman both want Kyron home and both believe that Terri Horman is responsible for his disappearance. Although a bat survey conducted on the construction site in June found no signs of the endangered animals, U.S. Fish and Wildlife service sent the developer a letter that recommends any tree clearing be done between Nov. 15 and March 15 to avoid potential bat disturbance. Ryane Clowe scored and Antti Niemi stopped 24 shots for the Sharks, who had won three games in a row. ROME -- The Italian soccer federation will place 22 clubs and 61 people under investigation in the latest match-fixing and betting probe to mar the sport. Shouldn't banks have seen the reaction coming? Contact Eadeh at (216) 986-6065. Evelyn Ortner, who died of leukemia Saturday at age 83, started helping others when she was 9. Growing up in Newark, she founded a group called the Charity Girls that performed musical theater at orphanages, critical care facilities and homes for the elderly. "My life changed in a huge way," Wade told the Associated Press. "Mentally, I've been preparing for it for over a year now. To me, it's bigger than that. For me, it shows a lot of people that you need to fight to be in your kids' lives sometimes." Consider this contrast: When George W. Bush was running for re-election and Iraq was the central issue, support for the Iraq war remained at or slightly above 50 percent throughout 2004. He won 51 percent of the vote. The pig, along with the beach volleyball court at South Parker Road and East Iliff Avenue, was part of the draw that for 34 years captured customers who ate barbecue, swigged beer and hung out on the landmark wooden deck. But he said the likelihood of a buyout is speculative. GM said sales to rental car companies dropped 25 percent for the month. Retail sales to individual buyers were flat. Sales of the Cruze, a big seller since it was introduced in 2010, fell almost 30 percent last month. Lower sales to rent car companies hurt the model, but analysts also noted that Toyota and Honda have full supplies of competing cars such as Civic and Corolla. One part of Richmond that has been synonymous with Asian culture for more than a century is the village of Steveston, Canada's largest commercial fishing port. Police spent days searching the area, even using a helicopter, before finding her body late Sunday. Defense spokesman Lt. Col. James Gregory said the Pentagon had no active investigations into propaganda operations. "The Defense Department continues to be transparent and responsive in our efforts to ensure Congress has the information they need to provide oversight of the department's Information Operations activities," he said in a statement. "Kids need to have things to do after school and on weekends," she said. "That way they don't hang out on the streets."
