Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%. Fallout from the original, actually I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :) #9 for Nelson! I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one. Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :) im following u so u cant welch lol I love my momma :) #kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,... omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice. I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me. Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book! is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland? I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me! screw everyone and come to Baylor no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great. RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits? New York City was shweeeet "Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind" Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in! if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats. With the 24th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Pittsburgh Steelers select...A Pinecone. who doesn't want to get to the juicy bits and all that bondage and sex! Don't we all wish we were Anastasia! What a shame we all became such fragile, broken things. Fall out boy playing at work? Shit just got angsty #edutweet what are the best educational uses for twitter? Live staff dev using book Digital Tools for Teaching Why hello LONGEST DAY EVER. I'd like to be done with you now. Greenwich. One of my most favorite places on earth. I love walking this area at night during the summer. I wonder what actually thinks about all the trending topics about them. Shirtless Niall #replace1Dsongswithlouisass seriously whoa. did he wake up? RT Will Rhymes passes out after getting hit by a pitch. That's a first Fun! RT The Race Village opens today- 10:00. Come on down we are next stadium. im coming for you... :) yes mam baby More than 9. Another apology from David Letterman - there's talk he may be punished. Do you think he should be disciplined by the network? Let us know... Alright ill spread the word! no child nanas home bored as shit getting high off my own supply...on a gangsta lean blowing on some blue dream... Just beasted that african art midterm!! WHOA!!! I feel an A coming my way :-) Good evening, Ms. Deb. My evening? Good. Did you have a good day? I wonder what I'll be like as a mother? :) Today, was a good day. that's... depressing. I feel Let the #stpattysday countdown begin! Be sure to hit up tomorrow! Text FREE to 35350 for #FREE prizes from Mo's & You need to visit. We would get into grand trouble. Speakers include Jack O’Connell (former SSPI), Susanna Cooper (Pro Tem’s office), Rick Simpson (Speaker’s office) & Mark Baldassare (PPIC) hell yeah to the yogo pants!! Lamborghini mercy. Yo chick she so thirsty First show for this marching season later today:) Thanks for giving us a try! Hope you enjoy your food And yet, I have never shazamed... <hangs head in shame /> Watching American Idol awww well come and visit me and the new bambino in Encinitas anytime. staff #roadtrip! Follow your heart. Follow your dreams. No matter where it takes you. Be what you want to be. Nope....Slippery Rock State your welcome, don't mention it! What happens when we learn? A new wrinkle in the brain? Hey gave you her number in chicago. Call her. Rude tellers at the bank are no good. Friends versus associates. A critical distinction that any adult must make. Just reminded of this.. WTF? I did NOT see that coming! Can't believe Donald fired !!! Should've been Arsenio! Icons in the Making Kisses! Looking into the awesomeness that is Haskell. Are you here too? Cool, I just accidentally kicked a blind man's walking stick and a ton of people saw me do it. Thank god. Go to www.nationstates.com and try it out! It is a fun game where you make your own country! me and let me know if you like it! How many times can someone hurt you, and get away with it... Thanks for the follow, Paul! I look forward to visiting Dubrovnik this year, let's have a coffee. Pozdrav! big ups! 100% on my second law midterm... maybe I am heading into the wrong profession? Does anyone else think that the Metro PCS commercials are incredibly racist? is the Bomb, and that has the funniest tweets ever!<U+2607> <U+2665> If I tell you, are you going to reply with how many calories are in it? Still reading Okay for Now by Gary D. Schmidt. Pretty great so far. Love the main character's voice. Is it just me or is twitter so slow? lol -Vivi. Your dad is hilarious! Great photos, Taylor! :) Smile hehe gosh im bored, 1reason facebook sucxs is becuz of all the reasons ur acount can get disabled. Its very annoying getting ur account disabled Needs 2 b fixed I am super jealous! You two stop talking bad about me. #Oscars Will there be any surprises tonight? STUDENT DISCOUNT DAY IS EVERY WEDNESDAY!!!! Save 5% with student I.D. It's time for a solo walk along the beach #YOLO <3 Traffic report seems out of control as does metro..be safe getting to Vinoteca Winos! Wuts gd ! I C U SLIME ya gotta add jeff to that too lol he is just as bitter if not more “Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.” - Margaret B. Runbeck #oomf had that same tweet like 15 seconds before you did. lol love to hear that! Thank you for all you do... ": Knock 'em dead on the road, y'all!" Thanks fam. That means a lot coming from you. Much appreciation you're welcome! enjoy cc RT : Sweet potato #popchips are amazeballs!! Thanks for the vday treats The same! Minus the remote problem. Haha when my thoughts are silent i start hearing Master P rap in my head... a gift & a curse Break that single making waves! Wait, What?!?!? #wherecanihear? RT Listening to a rough cut of the new Kingsizemaybe song fight me BIG thanks to the readers of who have made #Buffalo's "BEST RADIO PERSONALITIES" for an unreal 8 STRAIGHT YEARS! I knowww, this summer! (: In San Diego an estimated 8,800 people are #homeless and 25% have mental illness. Housing Matters. Raise awareness! HousingMattersSD.org corporate lady who's working from here today waits until he walks away & them goes "he makes you nervous?doesn't he?" If you don't need sponges, Tarpon Springs is still a great place to buy olive oil and goat's milk sponges! you're welcome I saw it 2 weeks ago and commented on it I have been hired by to organize their social media and can't track down the person who has this login. What can I do? I like it fried crispy, no condiments, but with runny fried eggs. Hope everyone had a great Aldo Leopold Day! I bet Chris Mann has a hamster up his butthole right now. Oh, I can tell the difference! I read those sides on Showfax. ;) Hope you're doing well! my phone says 81? 4:16 and my ass still up thanks, I'll check it out Winding down the year. What was your most significant #interpreting encounter this year? Would love hear. Fauja Singh, 101 yrs. old, running the marathon; you are the man. Now that's cool, so very cool. Happy Independence Day TMC!!! friends are the family you choose for yourself will do! Life may SUCK like HELL!!!! But, I suppose you can't have a rainbow.......without a little rain. will be in prymont? In October ish. Know of some cool food spots? Are you guys still accepting audition tapes? : What else do you want? via THE CANYONS written by BRET EASTON ELLIS hi. You don't know I exist. But I would LOVE it of you followed me love. <3 xx (: yep great was at and still am for 8 more weeks a discipleship training Ron Paul 2012. New Ad Campaign will blow your mind.flv: via unfollowed me :c 1 more night afterwards yeah!! Congrats Lavonte!! Oh I believe bad-dressed 20 somethings exist in Manhattan... I just don't need to watch them on TV. I'm not lazy, ill bust my tables. Your hate is making me sad <U+0001F62D><U+0001F62D><U+0001F62D> we need to link soon Want a job for my birthday! See she is a good spirit :) unlike you hydro. Stop being a fuck boy. #NameYourFavoriteRapper A lady who works at Macy's. She does a lovely job with my Christmas presents. sure,of course i follow:)) #followed <U+2764> :))) ... On facebook, Is the Austin Cater one the real you? They said it was but they were mean... Haha I met some of the API staff at UH &picked up the Hungary & Poland brochure, dreaming that I was still an undergrad :) I really wish would notice me:( Thinking of starting a petition to stop teaching students to overanalyze fashion ads... 4 spots left! Contact me or if you are interested in joining a temporary paralegal project. We'll need to interview you … Thanks we are too. We'll have a live report on Terrence Graham @ #ccid2012 is right on. Evaluate your international program on campus. Are we a 6? I think so! Finally watching #glee!!!!!! Finally home. Now to watch the end of the game and pick some new songs to learn. Suggestions? My dream is to play The Big Show in a Big Show biopic. What are you doing on GOD's time today? yes they are! But not this week because of the summit :/ trying to rent a studio out tho! Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children. ~William Makepeace Thackeray you too show it off at tomorrow? that would be great. your customer service staff was not able to do much for me beyond increasing my blood pressure. Striking how much of my time I spend behind glowing screens and curved hulls. I'm feeling nature-deficit disorder. does anyone know if 1D will be in england in july? I'm trying to convince my dad to take me to england in the holidays.. You're going to ask me out lmfao lol RT : me too RT : I haven't seen my besties in so long I'm sad I miss her. We hope to see you at tonight's CAKE. Don't think of our get togethers as stuffed shirt networking events. We like to consider them parties! hate's it when businesses use social media for Spam..putting links on here that lead to browser warnings...smh getting ready to call it a nite what's your username? Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!! When Austin used to say " #grindsmygears " all the time(': I am the white hey, its gotta get done! yeah 3 months ... I don't like this operation cause they had to put wires in her heart is scary as heck yes, yes #Wilfred is a new fave.... Can we meet at 10:30 instead of 10 today? I always misjudge traffic. crazy not all that much to do here thats why im a traveler i missed you;<3 Happy hump day & thanks gorgeous new followers I've been longing for a North Park bagel shop for over 10 years. You're no help. love this! DAM HEY WHATS LONG TIME SO ARE U AND URS STILL GOIN THRU IT I'm out of chocolate. This is unacceptable. Hi new twitter peeps! Hahaha.! Bus was live today.(: If you want to work from home ill show fastest way to succeed at Oxygen4Energy simple #: 712-432-3066 ACCESS CODE: 970467 FEB 8TH 9 PM EST If you didn't already know, #Brewers play #Cubs at 2pm on WGN. Now you get to see what I see! please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 49 Seeing # "Reanimator" at the Hayworth! 2nd time - great show! Dun done it. This is about to be one hell of a game . So am I going to see you at Ally's shower in a couple weeks?! I couldn't find any answers. Macbook died and I went back to a PC. I have 750GB of home movies in iMovie format I can't access. I'm within spitting distance of hitting 300K views on Bon Voyage, my friend! Have a great time! You know that storage never sleeps :) Looking forward to working with you again/more/often! College baseball is so fun to watch So I want my career to be something where I make people smile because it makes my day when I make someone smile. hi :) I just wanted ask if you can give me an advice on how to be a better dancer :) ? Please RT thanks :D It's always entertaining to see how other people's drama unfolds. Jake, its over. And what do you mean tricked? No one tricked you. win. You shall be added momentarily, mine is Koshertest "If I Met One Direction ...." No Its "When I Meet One Direction.." Cus Ever1 Deservs A Chance . Specially You ' <3 It's the beauty of chasing a dream that no one but you sees... Ugh he sucks It’s like Thanksgiving for the fish. The ' PxP Brian Anderson on the call again for the game. C'mon #LOBOS!!! RT : R U embracing what life has to offer or just making it thru each day? Change ur outlook change ur life hey if your bored here's my number (917-980-6720) Probably more comfortable for the warmer temperatures! Wasted fun Hey Twitter! Fit City MKE is ONLY days away from going LIVE - www.fitcitymke.com, Forward.Innovative.Thinking/Training/Teamwork. More fans leaving now with 7:42 left in the fourth quarter....final home game...but they cant stay and say good bye was that Brent Barry? CALL ME FRESH ICEBERG LETTUCE.... CALL ME BAKED BACON... CALL ME 12 ORIGINAL SPICES... CAUSE I AM CRISPY! get her off me get her off me Lucy!!!!!!! Bitch U weak as hell... I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP' Our child policy dir, Dante McKay, up first to discuss Medicaid redesign and the impact on GA's kids. 3rd time's a charm :) LOL sent u msg on Facebook, emailed you + now tracking u on Twitter ... hoping u can find me b4 Friday pls! Hey Woman. Great meeting you at #shecon. Sorry didn't get to spend more time with you Saturday night :-( Talk soon promise :-) A nice Chinese proverb that relates to preventative medicine: "Dig the well before you are thirsty." #lakers .... Stop making excuses for Kobe since they lost the lead... saw your plight with comcast; my BF and I are about to hit 250GB on our comcast and I'm not sure what to do. What r ur thoughts? you're the best Vera :)! U always have my support :)! in #Tennis & in life :)! take care:) be safe :) Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute thanks im gonna wear those today unless it's literally baby boot camp. Did you ask the place why all those tires are on the playground? This article touches on a number of the issues we were discussing the other day. Want some Mp3s Frank Tony Type music Message me you email address Enjoy! About to watch my #Saints! nobody knows wine like Justin know wine It's Admin Professionals week! 2012 theme: "The Pulse of the Office" Are you an admin? Contact us for great course options for you! And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino the lord works in mysterious ways, katherine. do you like lady gaga? Have to say-i got one of the coolest sisters a brother could ever have. RT : #FutureOfTV game changer: 500m connected TVs will be delivered by 2015 – blurring the lines between TV and the Web. well so is mine stoop trying to cause an argumentt. "He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator."~Francis Bacon The two scales at anytime are 9 pounds off of eachother. "Time for President Obama to submit all three job-creating trade bills" <-- means its almost time for you to say Y they suck I will think about it What's up George, are you still interested? #yobitv cool t.v. like the way its going That Blazer game looked horrible! But seeing Brandon Roy's smiling face back in the RG was so great! Don't know what Moises Alou is doing besides shopping @ Scottsdale but he looks like he could still be pissed @ Bartman! USA firm yes. Regards John. Twit-R-Done! wow! U can't ever cut this man a break. Do u REALLY think he doesn't kno the dif btween Asia and Hawaii? He's human not God I am too tired to make my own alfredo sauce today. WHY is there not one alfredo sauce in a jar that tastes even remotely good? 4th grade boys love THE WAY THINGS WORK. Very visual, informative, and fun. if you were real you wouldnt be so happy about a highlight that happens every other day Hm what should it be??? : You'll need a *safe word* u can both understand. ": How abt sex plz! lol isn't that the reason why you dont M I love Jamaican food OMG<U+E043><U+E341> Stop our Beachside Café at the Tradeshow opening tomorrow at the Convention Center #1110-4 for party wristband, coffee, freebies My favorite Feruzza line ever was when he wrote that calling Granite City a brewery was like calling Subway a bakery. T-minus 12 minutes for prayer meeting. cant' wait to see God show up! God bless you! join in if you like my Skype name is Carlos.Bello507 End of Day 4 in the Sony Service Watch and still no call to schedule a service call. We'll see what day % in-store tomorrow. Just Terrible Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate. Recall, recall. This morning is not going well. Ug. New Twitter chat on PR Mobile starts this Thursday, 5 pm PST - #prmobile with and Huge turnover. o yeah, it'd be hilarious! I mean, for me anyways. Wow what a situation! I just might try it...lol I should work on my swing. I heard catcher is the fastest path to the bigs. I've got 9 years left! Being There Turning off my phone and getting ready for take off. The flight attendent just saw me twittering lol. On my way home Good morning! It's Wonderful Wednesday! Follow me can we get married or? Should of tripped Andre Miller RT : Coulda tripped a ball player I know right! to me its like a curse or something like what is going on...smh I can't help but think/hope that going after verbals is BB's issue. No secret he's done it. There has to be more to it. my phone was stolen.... no way to contact anyone. dm me your # please..... nothing I will back to home after 7 days now in egypt its 6:45pm ! Egypt is a nice country I love it ! So do u finish u exams ? that's a better image. going to bed. not tired though :/ I think I have work in the morning. I don't remember though Hm yo fool hmu if you want the bread i think the store deb was made for me man, I'm jealous. No food trucks ever come out to Pikesville. Hey we should add that to the article! Thursday spelled backwards always spells c-r-a-z-y. absolutely, and pre-season is the worst time to go back too, think ill just stay away for now. That's funny...Maybe, I should worry more about the vegetables that have suffered/sacrificed themselves for my meal tonight? I believe it gives them false hope in many cases."you let me go, but you want me in network?" yea, pre 27, the east was not stacked? im talking teams, not individuals. have fun! And you could have just gotten me a ticket to each of those places... Would make my year! or Life!! Just got the first shipment of supplies for Warped tour!! Cant fucking wait!!! -G Face your problems. Don't facebook your problems. Had such a god night =) I need more nights like that!! Love you ArielBeezy & our krew out in Tempe, the Condo was Amazing!!! I'm wondering whether banning mobiles in the classroom is missing the point - use technology to support learning Thanks Dinosaur Train and for teaching the kid to eat his greens like a "hungry hungry herbivore" She's the SWEETEST girl!!! And she still has puppy breath!!! =)) are you also a speed talker? Happy Birthday to Mr. See you Saturday?! <3 You're very observant!(: Thanks for the reTweet!! "Look, Grandpa sent me an Amish tweet!" -- that's referring to getting a letter in the mail. He's on a roll! Washington County Sheriff investigating shooting death in Lake Elmo. Body found in driveway. Neighbors reported shot or shots. If only Ghost Rider glitter bombed Santorum in the movie. Need performance, reliability, and scalability for your legacy apps? We can solve your problems. I really need to stop thinking too much, especially before I go to sleep. Lisa can you please follow me mentally preparing for capstone... New Portland radio station... 1059thebrew.com its getting pretty old isn't it? hey thanks!! I'm reminded by #God that when I think life is hard, I'm struggling,or I can't make it, to remember what #Christ went through. Can't compare Dear Grizz If u want to win u must contain Evans and get those rebounds! great party tonight at the W! Thanks! Wait wth theres gonna be a cheers mom? you know you're awesome when you have more followers than tweets and you've only had 3 days of twitter (; Bitch it's never too Late #SoTellMeWhy justin tells us to never say never, yet, he just said it twice. Hm... ;) The solitude of Earth. The grace of dance embrace. You are so proud! The scattered leaves, slowly circling their way to the ground... We do still have three branches of government, right? You going to game tomorrow night? Substitution, Mexico. Maza replaces Rafael Marquez. R.I.P Justin Bieber * I think it's because I miss her TIRE CHANGE Tell your children, out loud, everyday, that you love them, no matter how old they are. I miss Ricky Smiley in the mornings so annoying. Always. Love it! RT : Yes! Live, Learn, Engage - UWWResLife and Connect, Achieve, Succeed - UWW FYE. All my followers will probably wake up around the time I finish my second soccer game today -__- tascada shut up! just spent 20 minutes trying to log on to a webinar that is being held . . . tomorrow. God damn it cinco de mayo I looked in the mirror and for once I said damn I'm pretty and I can do better kiss a perfect stranger on the cheek today; see how they react. I feel bad for the guy sometimes About half (probably more) of my tweets are RT's NFL Offseason: Cameron Wake Back with the Dolphins Thanks to Joe Philbin Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Baby baby baby baby never happend--that's Downtown's turf "Babe, we're about to turn this room into a sauna." "Please tell me how you just said that with a serious face." <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> You still a punk ass cheap shot artist I'm sure would Agree. Loving Jimmy Kimmel @ the WH correspondents dinner - the equal opportunity offender! um is it bad that i don't want my boyfriend to use twitter..... ": So joann gon be here 4 the 4th of july. Tombout she sleeping w me lol" In that case, party in the DMV area! Come out and watch the vs Miami game at 7:00 & stick around for Bingo at 9:30! Now that my wife is gone on her business trip, it is time to initiate Operation Wallow-in-Filth 2: Electric Bachelorhood. RT : And you had style! RT : Cruised the ipaths for the first time yesterday. I am satisfied. Stoked. We live far too simply and far too selfishly. We're ALL guilty. check my mentions ran it down thanks bum I had that with Chicago Code! And every jimmy smits show since nypd blue! All I really wanted was you No problem. :-) so its not bad if your waveform isnt all fatty? RT : "You tore up that electric drum kit!!" - Nobody Bah! New forced hero academy update and no access to wifi for at least an hour! Screw you AT&T! I've been burned a few times by the practice of 'texting all day, every day' with someone I don't know that well. TheSyncMag comin back n a big way. R u Indie u should b submit ur music now. send album covers/photos 2 CALL ME :3 Gunna KILL myself ;( Easy to say when you're going to sell millions of units, innit Molly is falling asleep to Bon Iver and my dad says he enjoys Bon Iver's music. #10ThingsIFindAttractive Eyes of any color Looking to connect with #bozeman biz leaders! Getting back to #MT today That guy just got knifed!...thats forked up... Too spoon? I feel like Twitter has been a little quiet lately.... hm. There is NO such beast. Believe me. For every act of evil a person does i believe there is also a person who is willing to go above and beyond to do good. The Talmud~ A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not. This week all Robbie wanted to watch was Star Wars so we watched IV and V. Today all he wants to watch is Care Bears. Bo! I am mad at every sf radio station that took turns playing the crappy train song that's stuck in my head now M gravy CM Morrison moves approval of creation of solar committee. Mayor concerned about the fact that CMs don't all have direct appointments Stick to country Music please. Lol. #22 The Departed You must be a Mizzou fan BTW, the director Stanley Kubrick married that actress. I would've too. ... Phillip Phillips!!! <U+0001F44C><U+0001F44D> you joined the AI train just in time for the good part :) Also, the Pixies. Creeped out a little bit because I found a random twitter account that's only following me & Justin Bieber .__. Another day another plane . . . Going from Detroit to Norfolk for a symposium Good ass weekend <U+263A> back to reality tomorrow. 30 is just scary. I certainly wouldn't want him as a dad. GSA is the single best thing that has happened to FHS. R.I.P. "W.H.".....A GREAT VOICE AND A GREAT PERSON HAS LEFT US. Great day off with friends and family. Ready to take on another week then a couple of days off with Angie! Having fun at Backer show. More stores picking up Max & Ruffy's. Very excited to have our treats in more and more stores! That's y I like dogs better. Yo Unc, she got any pets??? Holla... at... cha.... boy... ps, I'm learning to read. i know like 4, nine, 12 words. gettin it Price on Trever Miller's jersey? <U+0001F4AF> keeping it that way Omgeee!! It finally snowed outside yayyyy!! El oh el c: Youtube videos, shitty websites, and loons who occasionally make sound points don't work here. Oh yeah... It's on! been going strong for 12 hours plus! Okay, if there's a misu8nderstanding, why the upset? ...a sip of my goddamn juice. -___- RT : LAREDO! Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL... & at COSMOS "With every new technological revolution, a political position is transformed" says , "Gaming, warfare, commerce all intersect" If considering meds, it might be time to consult sleep medicine doctor who can help you figure out IF you really need them how was the documentary I sing Betta when I rap Married to the game, but she broke our vows. Goodmorning MIAMI & LATIN AMERICA last nignt was superperb everybody was chatting til late hopefully we can continue this pattern LETS CHAT Great campfire & camp food @ Krausse Springs w son Ben Time for to start giving the headlines. He's just adding on to the greatest season by an American soccer player EVER I like Swift and Selena, too! Follow back? YOU will never know unless you take a chance. Don't be afraid. Fear is a great destroyer and the keeper of nowhere. ha! I said I punched my lil brother Ricky's going to think what's cute? Lol What's your Dailybooth? Fuck your judgment. Hi there! And how are you liking THE DARLINGS? Was just about to start that myself. I caddied for 4 years in Ireland, our next outing should be drunk minigolf Nice day for a wedding I just saw some place here $1500 first and last months and a $1500 deposit. Apparently we are all rich 0_0 "The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails." ~ John C. Maxwell Hi! The easy breather was easy for me to tell improvement. Difficult to measure this one. Will use it umpiring tonight. (1/2) Working on songs sorry for the wait will be out soon.. but how does ur mom look like yogi bear? Sussman & Simcox Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+ TGOD.. jet set! starting in June: #Skype #lessons (#piano, #jazz & #impro for all instruments). send me a message if interested & thx 4 spreading the word. Ebook Models on a District Level - Richard Hasenyager, Director for Library Services, North East ISD, TX Thanks ! Great feedback. Looking forward to the fall. I just bought a new pair of Newton running shoes!! They are fabulous--and hopefully worth every penny! 341 pages of pure Mermaid Fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com or Amazon.com look for NaLee by Erin Sankey You are going to have to fight me for her. :) I'm a black belt. meh, it is a good one! Jimmy Howard has allowed 2 goals on 7 shots now today. USA's Save Percentage for the tournament has to be in the bottom half now. I took the Clarisonic challenge and LOVED it! What a great bday present from Vogue and I have one word to say: EXFOLIATION. Lovin' it! Trusses have arrived...raise the roof! Rick Ross be barking. Tyga got a sore throat. Lil Wayne's lighter is broke. Wiz Khalifa thinks everything is funny. Looking forward to the Preakness Horse Races this weekend! Come by to help celebrate! My aunt lives out there, say for me! Thanks for your patience giveaway winners. All new designs will be coming your way! Thanks for your continued support! Much respect for that Sarah Palin tweet....speak free or hold that tongue... TGIF! What's everyone up to this weekend? Morning Rockstars! > Hope is the dream of a man awake. - French Proverb Beach Boy Rad is a Political Atheist and all of you 99% of you are not. Assuming without positively knowing #WhyDoPeopleDoThis" #TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Jem...I went way back :-) :-) :-) Listening to remastered beatles box set...amazing sound. My week's playlist is set! it's on you. I do music every day. LatinExplore&#39;s Combo of Costa Rica Travel Deals and Money Saving Tips No(: I'm glad because I created the #twitition but we all know that you're very modest(: Uh oh, frm SEA RT : First Delhi and now San Francisco. Looks like when I leave a city it gets the shakes. I hope all are safe and sound. Congrats to on her ENGAGEMENT! =) So happy for you! Rex Ryan can tell you how many feet are in a yard. Let the jokes begin. someone is going to try to make spelunking cool before this decade is over....I guarantee it. yeaa i see. pero i cnt wait to see u its been forever yeah ave, i care! So thankful for my friends and family! Getting our grub on at Trader Vics with Stacy. I have absolutely no books to read. Any suggestions? Non-fiction or Fiction, anything. In the WORST mood ever smh!! Loved part 1 of the performers showcase. So fun! Thank you for the follow. We sent an e-mail about our Congressional Candidate Forum on May 3. Hope to hear back from you! I don't really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I'm young I was ridin dirty for a min and didn't even know, lol RT Emissions is some bull!! Let's do this Monday, you and me I can't believe JFK had an affair with this lady. She is crazy old! Those Kennedy's were freaks! Are you just jealous that my recipes get more pins than yours? cant sleep What a crazy night it was last night at the Indiana State Fair at the SUGARLAND concert! So blessed my family and I are okay! Keep praying! These black people on Jerry springer right now <<<< , clapping their hands and shit. Unreal!! How off the chain was that? Got George's tweet but could tell he'd had a few. You've been baptized! Dear kitchen folk-who has an idea y my fryer wont kick on even w/pilot on? Flint issue? Just struggles 2 start & THEN jumps 2full throttle Brewers announcer just said "See if Ryan Braun can inflect [sic] a little juice into his team." What a beautiful NITE in tha Chi Tonight!!!! happy 18th birthday ! sorry wasn't near phone. Glad getting him checked out. So hard to know what caused spasms Hai. So tonight's the boys FIRST AMERICAN COHEADLINING TOUR. I mean, nbd or anything. Thomas Sears worked with Reynolda off and on for 40 years. Museum archives hold many images, sketches, and more. TONIGHT WERE GONNA BE AT BROADWAY BAR !!! $1.75 BUD LIGHT ALL NIGHT IN THE MIX 21+ ONLY !!! RELAXED DRESSCODE home from library outreach event. read books and talked about summer reading program with darling kids and their parents. *my favorite part* Come see us at We are relaunching a Virginia winery and thus have a bit of a different story to tell. #Top100Lies "That was my last piece of gum" u in the studio with Big Sean? I think people, in general, are way too afraid to make mistakes Got out of school early today because the heat index for today was 120-130! lol.. the only good thing about the midwest. What question would you like to ask the #Tarot? Bring it to www.shindigtarot.com and find a perfect reader for your question! Ty Jason for following I fuck with Tyga but he has so much haters. Staying up 13 hours strait is a fucking horrible idea. -____- “: LUNCH WITH !! MISS THAT GIRL.” -- I'm so glad I didn't have to eat by myself today! What's going on? Anything we can help with? RT Back on the jet to be with my family. See you in the sky! SOUNDS NICE!! SCOOP ME UP ON THE WAY!! Hahaha. Hey, did you see Lady Gaga Thanksgiving? RT If You KNOW Ur Gettin Justin Bieber's Someday Perfume Tmr!!! I AM!!!! (; I'm already spread wide open, just have your way with me already. The moment our eyes met<3 thanks for having me - it was a lot of fun! Drusen are small, yellow deposits that form within the retina. They are sometimes associated with macular degeneration. If my family and my hood loves me That's all I need real talk my neighbor is outside screaming jump...to a tree :/ I won't ever understand his ways In other news, my cat just went ape sh*t, jumped to TOP of my bedroom blinds and split them in half! :/ Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. ~ Robert Frost Now watching Serra vs Pasadena Settling down to watch The Voice. , you carry this show and steal it often. But we can always rely on your honesty! Thanks for joining! Happy to see more Emersonians added to the community. I got a job! So how was insomnia last night. Did you jinx yourself? Whitney Houston is dead? Fuuuk! Thanks everyone for joining! Exciting Right now, your website is being viewed on a smartphone. Will you embrace the mobile revolution? #Mobile #Websites tiny.cc/moire72 you ok? Stop by and grab some Sushi, My President. 1620 Market St. Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ Sonoda's Sushi LODO and chocolate. RT : #AGirlDeserves a guy that treats her right. having one hell of a season. Should Boogie be on Team USA? RT So I'm sorting through the collection basket booty and I found..ready for this?... a hermit crab & a tooth! WTF! :) RT : #winning! re: But, like veggies, it's good for you! RT : Hill running is not fun Vote today! Polls open until 8pm..Let's demonstrate with high voting numbers just how politically engaged we are in WI!!!! I just threw up wow. Lol!! RT : This fool wins the award for idiot of the year!! That's amazing fabric! Did you design it? Ate..now I'm sleepy again Boston loves what American Idol brings to itunes lol. Keep it up!! Follow back? a known entity is someone who has success in museums, with curators, directly with collectors, with critics, etc. So yes. has a Tom Waits song stuck in his head. Sadly, karaoke places rarely have Tom Waits. ok i followed her LOL We'll be there Ok. I can't find you. Are you in a teeny little room with like 3 other people? All in jeans? :) Oh, and i'm jobless! Ive just been working on stuff. I really need a job. News 3 at 6 starts soon. We're talking about Peter Konz and the #NFLDraft, and has details on 3 pedestrians hit on Monroe St. Looking for a Commercial Talent Agent. Please message me with your recommendations. Thanks! #supportlocalmusic Live in a few with random Folk/singers from local and mainstream artists. stop by and listen in. Whats your favorite place in Philadelphia is a boss at basketball! yep, but the quality financial rewards are what providers were banking on you haven't had anyone bust it open yet for a ride though! Thanks for putting this up and thank you for all the wonderful opportunities you provide for students interested in Asia! Oh Talking Heads station on Pandora, you will get me through this day. (Fa-fa-fa-fa fa-fa fa-fa-fa-fa) run around day pick up mail grocery shop... big list...def time for a vacation Didn't need to do that n a structure as slow as it was w that # BBs. U live & learn. First bustout n last 30 days I felt was my bad. Next! aw you guys are so cute together! yay! I get paid on Friday. Where can I pick up the bag? ATTENTION: March 31 will be our LAST SHOW. Arlene's Grocery in NYC. 11:30pm. It's been an amazing 6 years, but it's time to say goodbye which water store? The Fleetwood Mac clue did it for me. You just gotta let go sometimes. Yum! Lemon Ice is my favorite summer treat! #ThingsThatINeed.... For to shout out and RT. Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date. Looks like no D for me... Thanks Knicks hahaha I wanna see these new jerseys tho.. I also learned to type on a typewriter I don't think anyone will know what that is in a few years lol My mom's id got stolen . Fuck that... Now we are out 3 thousand dollars<U+0001F621> Thinks he's in over his head.I have 3 1/2 months to fix a problems 10 years in the making! Anyone know how you eat an elephant? I got my phone but can't do anything cause Comcast Internet is down lmfaaoo .-. bla bla bla that's all guys say we don't care girls don't want to hear your stupid comments only if it it's not boring we care sometimes!!! That and WAC, WCC, and MWC have done just fine in Vegas I just wanna lay down by the pool... I will be at Terrace 390 celebrating a good friends bday. Come join us tonight! :-) happy happy birthday to you! It's time for a James Van Der Beek cameo on Mad Men me thinks. Don't miss Flannagan's annual reading of Molly at Symphony Space's Bloomsday celebration. It's avail online. Yes.~D #ificouldiwould sleep all day. Santonio can you see this turning into a QB controversy? "No. No I don't." insists Sanchez is the starter. I like it moved here in 2006...how is Cali? aye movies tonight!!! good point. It is the devils, after all Portland traffic... :-/ I fuckin love avengers! :) "im always angry" What are you behind on, maybe I can fill you in How long is the gestation period of a Jessica Simpson? I just assumed it was the same as a warthog. so you tweeted 4 hours ago... any chance you could get back on and tweet a happy birthday? “: RT if you love cupcakes.” Needa get my own car so I can get up &d leave when I feel ! cious to waste. I have a twitter crush on and strongly recommend that y'all follow him. He puts the yay in mayor. I dont see how btches do it Ok I tried... again... I just can't get into the new 90210 at all Thanks for the 17 notifications, #Alphascope. Glad you're on top of things. so cute! . You're not bringing anyone else are you? Like Didnt go to class this week. Its only the first week ! I hope not! Wat r u doing? he is my eating partner at night . I hate having dinner by myself and my mom doesn't eat past 5pm . much respect to y'all keep pushing music is dope Hi Cedar! :D enjoy your time while u can, the real world can wait!! Trust me. Lol Portland Public Library hosts the Library of Congress' traveling exhibition in Monument Square. September 2nd&3rd from noon-8:00pm. i know right ! So whats upp ? :) I'll leave it alone then... We have re-assembled The Trigon Trifecta & we are heroes. hit me up when you're here. we can drink whiskey and shit. During college, I waited tables at Mellow Yellow + learned how to talk to all sorts of patrons. Owner Ken Pelletier any relation? 4th of july movie party. Only independent films allowed. Which workouts have given you the best results? I leave dat Reggie to them regular people I be on first class spaceships yeah spaceships<U+0001F680><U+0001F680><U+0001F680><U+0001F680><U+0001F680><U+0001F680><U+0001F680> Thank you for the Golden Beet Recipe! Part of a new farm share & had no clue what to do with them! Mindless behavior is taking over ;) LMAO RT : I hate when people point out my typos. Bitch, you look like a typo! BOB DID YOU GET A PUPPY? ": Getting ready to speak at Georgia State University!" Did you know I have a replica #dress from the #Titanic #Movie which is numbered? It will be in undetermined. nahh i lose my accent but when ever i go back for a while it comes back <U+E402> Raw Elements USA<U+0099> is the conscious consumer<U+0092>s answer to serious, safe sun protection. I just love this wonderful,kind,awesome singer named Selena Gomez Yeah and I've been too lazy to re-dye it XD I think we have Mitt Romney's 2012 slogan. how is dat.. Homework <tv. I've done no marketing/PR for my latest album yet... still deciding what to spend on. Thx for the lead. Is that your music? I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want one where they say 'look how happy they are together. bitch u socked me :( lol Want to help the environment and #Starofhope. Receive a free recycling pickup w/ donation of can food and/or toiletries LMFAO. I just did the in the club. Not sure if anyone but me knows what that is. Proud of you. An Elephant a Day Elephant No 176 Upholstery Foam - upholstery foam juss walking in the door , bouta shower & find something to do since my baby don went to sleep on me <3 Goodnight World! i just want it to be summer already Founder versus owner mindset in a startup: which r you? Anyone using Google+?? Dissertation director acquired. Now for a couple readers and a title... I haven't paid to submit to show my work in years. Can't stand that model. That's just depressing. that would be great! We should have a link by tomorrow. Hi Tommy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out. In the last two months, Ryan Adams, , , The Black Keys and then in April. Life is good. "Why are you crying?" " I listened to Free Bird by accident." Nice! Congrats & I look forward to seeing more from with your Superhero PR powers! So close, yet a million miles away. Okay my goal this week is to find Justin! RT If you do not like straight forward sincere person the way an #Aquarius is, then pack your bags and walk away How was everyone's Christmas?? who cares about chris brown. no matter how rich or famous they will always remain ghetto, will never learn to behave themsleves. I guess tripping over my curtain this morning can count as bad luck better make it a good one then! Mj did his thank 2 all supporters that came outw/ S.A. Films The only way you can counter absurdity is with greater absurdity. :-) It was worth the wait! The Game of Thrones second season premiere was amazing!! You should try "Krave" granola! That and special K are my favorites! Yumm<3 LOVE YOU SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW<3 WOW 145 cappers with plays on tonights short card and 6 consensus now in college and 1 NHL and is all available FREE shower time. :) Tell me, where do you stop? Can you comment of institutional preservation? Friends don't let friends do stupid things •••Alone••• i think i mite bring hoe ass (: RT : [Denver News] Denver man pleads guilty to kidnapping hikers near Nederland: BOULDER — A 44-year-old Denver man p...... I'll take 'pinched nerve' for 500, please, Alex. Back to working on a #genealogy brick wall that has stumped me for years. I'll tackle this guy's mystery yet! 'This user does not exist' :/ lucky bastard RT : ..focus is education, distance learning or career development, follow HIMSS' She's tweeting live at GM twitter world C : #Romney can't wait to be able to use the #Bully Pulpit. if you weren't #totallyawesome, I wouldn't have said so.., I don't tend to migrate north, but I'm doing it tomorrow! Anyways .. keep ur haters hating.. GM! Count it! LOL RT : Instagram can't save you guys from the truth. We know you're black as tar. I like to think we are frenemies.. :) El golf wang I was just quizzed about my knowledge of hockey by the HVAC man... highlight of my day, sadly. ;) Please look for Berry Horny, our super tasty summer ale. We reformulated it and we want to know what you think of the new recipe. "This is a complex problem," said weed scientist David Shaw in remarks to a national "summit" of weed experts in Washington Back to LA and excited to gear up for our finishing funds campaign for Gold Stars. I'm so proud of this film! HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the best grandma in the world.. my 2nd parent!!! 86 and still standing strong!!! great i cant log into tumblr -_- Freakin Tired! its a Jungle out there...... red wine Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated! Once, we had a mouse in our house, and it managed to bite a small hole through the bottom of my backpack and then eat the edges of my che... how's u Appreciate the info ! Come on man...respect the process! The bummer of an afternoon I was having is quickly turning around with the reappearance of sunshine. And music. I'm obsessed with vintage needlework. Especially weird stuff. yes. MT : Okay.... It's time to make a maker space....A professional development studio. A space for unschool...Now. How?” I am still painting flowers for you Awww thanks, love. I needed that. Im sure you are!! We need to get together soon! “: Getting ready for #cfblockparty one word Dubstep”// Excuse me while I scream..... #dubstep <U+2764> Transfixiated with our new son. I really don't like wearing shorts but I'm tired of being hot in this heat you guys ever pick up or is he still chillin with the truck drivers? Just nominated and for the i date awards... Good luck guy's... Shampooing all my carpets...now I remember why I liked hardwood floors The road is so bumpy and if this driver don't slow down in throwing my phone to his head. Happy mothers day to the niggas that gotta keep they girl in line lol do you think hurrying to college damaged him? I can't be held responsible for what my blog gets drunk and does on youtube. "what do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? Quarter pounder w/ cheese" -John c. Reilly #cedarrapids I know that's bad but I lol'd you are so talented and really pretty! Please follow me? Thanks :) Great to hear, same w/me, thanks! :) RT : everything is good I hope everything going good for you You really don't get anything.. I trusted you as my friend once and look at you STILL. Seriously, just stop Olivia. Why does DHL keep calling me? I gave them my address, isn't it their job to find said address? When you perform the trapeze without a safety net, you are bound succeed because failure isn't an option. i hate school. period. bu i HAVE to go to college or im screwed (2/2) of the docters that his arm is fucked up and he thinks he has torn something. So now he is injured. <EXTREME RULES 12> It seems like I'm at that part of the night where I think about my life, direction, boys and music and try to decipher where it's going. What to do...what to do... Had a good night out with the boys. Mad fun. I'd love to read a copy when it's 'share ready' as I like to say. Every #child has a light inside themselves that needs to be turned on! U guys did great on a very bet Christmas love u guys Nourez I'm more found of the PS3 exclusives and I'm not a fan of the social aspect of the 360 been crazy busy this week!!! you should've gone! then we could become international party people<U+0001F472><U+2708><U+0001F38E><U+0001F37B> Paper submitted with 35mins to go! Fuck yeah! Last assignment of the semester! its hard to stay focus but its all about learning how to balance your life Tweeting power yeehaaw!! : The Big V? I get it as often as I can ===> "big V"- I was gonna tweet, no one would get it MS VALLEY GUARDS ON THE TAKE? So, I was going to post on ROD yesterday, but then I was dumb and ate pizza, giving myself a migraine in the process. TODAY, THOUGH. #imagine Austin protecting you while a swarm of fans attacked him ! It's official! Spending my summer writing for a non-profit in Haiti! Just PR for an NGO? Or an amazing life experience? I prefer the latter. nice meeting you today. Sorry I was worthless. WTF RT : Guess who's pitching for the Padres in tomorrow's series finale? Soup! Big Bands, Snow Storms, & $7 Unlimited Mini-Golf All Day, Oh MY! Check out WOMhouse.com for more details about fun on LBI TONIGHT!! Getting ready for our #interview! #newmediaweekly #webseries! Im Up idk why Goodnight, Mr. Schaub!!! and that is possible. But first they would have to vote to change constitution. hey emma! It's just stupid on their part. I'm not sure if they don't understand how explosive this Sanchez-Tebow thing could be. Ladies & gents OCT 19 is hosting a "Girls Night Out" & celebrating Purple R.E.I.G.N #5bestsmells that new shoe smell i knw i have not been tweeting for a while coz i was having something called fun;;)<3! Thanks for the shout out ;) i love joel Romney supporter... and now I'm thinking 'If you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter' This girl sitting in front of me in Pols writing a note to her boyfriend << Did I mention it says "Hi Goober"... never could get into parks and rec. kinda like 30 Rock and office I like at first then it gets grating on my nerves :) Im not tryna go home I cant see Payton no where else Since 2011 over 27K fewer families are receiving assistance to help them afford child care so they can work. DID YOU KNOW?! "A housefly hums in the key of F." YOU'RE WELCOME! “: People are game changes - 77 million people turn 65 this year. #tchra” <-- institutional knowledge right out the door. yeah that was the problem i forsaw ... that he and grimes are both big gamblers and 2 of those is dangerous to have thanks for great valentines night out! When one is looking for the internet broadcasting service provider, they should look into the firm for all the features that it is providing Congratulations and WELCOME to our newest member to the Precious Gem Team, SONDRA CASTELLO who signed up on line. okay time for sleep :) Gotta be up early in the AM. Good Night everyone. After all that, Ishikawa pops out on first pitch. Ballgame. WMYB was on one station then One Thing iss on another xD Let me guess: Murryland? Why Kyle aint called me yet <U+E40E> GOOD LUCK!! "Getting ready for third round. I tee off at 4:54" . Easter egg hunt with the little monsters from the church next door. The adorable meter is off the charts. Ha! I just opted out of that today. Thanks for the info! “: Half of Americans think #SCOTUS justices will rely on their partisan political views in health-care ruling. A good guess RT 2Tix for Ted Leo & The Pharmacists at Bell House (Brklyn). Friday Dec 30th at 8pm. Reply by 4pm, 1 Tweet Chosen at Random. Brooke White isn't a too bad at acting... Ice on the streets, fire on the DC Metro... Commuter's apocalypse. A touchdown. I just wet my pants. Such a gorgeous day out, glad I get to spend all 24 hours of it at work... The on Watts is once again on my list. They forgot my nacho cheese for like the 10th time. So excited for Daniel Tosh tonight Ken Raske: Why are hospital re admissions so high? Discharges to nowhere. Without supportive housing we can not combat re admission rate. is a loser who takes 3,000 photos and then tweets about it :) on my account... :) #eyeroll ANNOYING.... ;) Good Luck Today ... what's your favorite part doing in Lopez Tonight? and. When you gonna have Victoria Justice? rcks means rock Did you know that less than 5% of lost cats make it home? Even indoor cats are at risk. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped. about to go play some tennis before working tonight on production schedule for REVOLVING DOOR... i am to please :) Cold day in the burgh. THANK YOU! Why only 1 (not intuitive at all) way to do something so basic? Abt ready to throw this whole Mac in the trash can. Kobe is going to be so sick if they lose. But I'm not shocked that Denver is not backing down at all cause they are a gritty team I #FollowYou you follow me(: watching jane austen's persuasion movie montages on youtube I'm in AA now. Justin moved up and skipped his last year of single a. I miss that guy, Andrew. Are you doing ok Ha that's probably because it is criminal love! Nothing makes me happier than simply being with you. Get 20% off all items for Mother’s Day at , including great savings on cards and gifts for mom. Just signed up to attend the Women 2.0 Founder Friday San Diego Launch event for May 3, 2012, entrepreneurs, investors welcome, FREE: all I want is a husband and babies doing some awesome Welcome campaigns using Already got dibs on the living room couch. But this loveseat's got your name on it. hi Sky. Having to convince university police that your bag doesnt contain an explosive. It's not too late to book your Holiday Party - there are still options. Think Brunch or Lunch or after work cocktails & appetizers. Back to work now:) What a gorgeous start to the day! Come out and get a storage unit 50% off for your first two months! Not running the LA Marathon, but I am wearing track pants. What do I get for that? Nothing? Anyone? Is it nothing? I am watching Melancholia. I feel like I am being fucked in the brain by the Tristan chord. Requesting , , and T.O. time immediately. I cannot wait until June 2. Salon Design Tip: Color bounces. try to pick floor and wall colors that are warm. Warm browns, warm grays, clays, terra cottas! is not only an embarrassment, she (and her ilk) is downright dangerous. No kidding! Expect some rage tweeting soon. I don't do well when I'm operating in an environment I'm unfamiliar with. :) Can you say furniture, telephones, collectors items etc available for bidding. We are ready to AUCTION tonight! everything begins with a thought.... cultivate them... write them down.... make a list... and DO..... NO LIMITS school today. only two more classes after this and then im done with the semester! Graduating with a bachelors in criminal justice and just added a #minor in sociology.. Alright alright Ha, I know. I'm doing a twitlonger about my life as an Arianator :D <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665> o wow lol it's ok because men work 100% more. Thank you! (: All of our tacos for just $1 each? Yes! Use cardcase to pay! Get the app! I've decided.. There are no words. Good night world. Tomorrow can't come soon enough.. Soccer-cheering for a team you don't like because there is a team you like even less. Sorry no free beats . But real affordable prices Working out Keeping up with my Sexiness Listen to Yall need to do the same www.whoistrillogy.com For single depth relations you're ok. But what happens when THOSE objects have relations / collections? Can be a slippery slope love ya to woman!!! follow me and i'll follow you! cause i use twitter this much! (insert number here ranging from 1 to 99999999999[twitter count max reached] Thanks to all of the future scientists, engineers & colleagues! You were great! can't wait to hear and see pics! When Kanye tweets, the Internet explodes thanks for the verification info - i'll cross my fingers Hey guess what? you're perfect Can anyone recommend a good guide to making jam? happy mother's day! que pasa amiga AN OTHE R DRINK! Watching Parks and Rec Season 2. I have eaten at the restaurant where Ron and Tammy have their argumentative/sensual reunion. What? Run into a pole again? ": <3 JOE <3 omg join our marriage :'-)"we can all marry 100 LIKES & I'll Sing Boyfriend For My Facebook Peeps (; RT : We are honored to be featured in the case study with ! Public Relations in Urgent Care... the only reason people dress up for halloween is to look "sexy". *eye roll.* get over yourself. Be of good cheer, the One who sent you into a storm will keep you in that storm, and in your darkest hour will come to you walking on it! my rap name is "Mad Chatter" Great first hour ... thanks for making it happen! Lots more to come right after the news. Stay tuned! RT : #celebrates GIRLFRIENDS' GETAWAY #afterparty | see you all tonight! Chris Rene got a cam on #XFactor he will pawn it for drugs. Nice next week for cleaning windows? I love working for ChaCha!!! Hopeful is good. We are, too! Can we get a 'heck, yeah!' for some economic boom times already?!!?!? The pattern for Babe Ruth's bat is listed as "template #R43" in the Louisville Slugger's archives. Oh, geez... maybe I was. I didn't open it. Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV. I Swear i Have Bad Luck! hahah that's cool :) what kind of phone did you get? what are u doing? Hi there. Your best bet is to call the hostess to check on cancelations. We hope to see you soon! -Rachel (Stanton & B&E) I took a nap at 5 and woke up at 10 oops I am all kinds of sore this morning... No idea why. I don't like this. Panther is a MUST! If you love her, let her know. if you don't then stop acting like you do. We Girls don't like to be mind fucked -__- I only respect Celtic fans as much as that pains me to say What's your managers information? For bookings? Treat your intimate #relationships with gratitude! That's the way it go Okay 2010, you completely kicked my ass. Uncle, already. Reports from #Syria: #Assad forces continue shelling the city of #Homs. Entire neighborhoods have been turned into rubble. Miss everything , I really did mess up and didnt even realize , but i'm going to fix everything and never let this happen again I am soo in love :) prepping for Austin. Need to watch Slacker on the plane. what up! Harlem checking in with you lol..im done lets go RT : Limbaugh just lost the one of his longest running advertisers, the online dating site NaziMingle. tell that to Peyton! Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love. If & I worked as hard on writing an article abt libraries as playing DrawSomething, we would've easily written a masterpiece Anyone wanna buy a spectator pass to #MLG Anaheim? I'm not going to be able to go. It's $35, which is what I paid for it. I swear. :-) Murray State is a very good team, but profile suggests a 6 seed. Nothing to be ashamed of. get the Pacers inked on your bicep, the Kings inked on your head, and the Lakers inked on your ring finger #dying [HD] Nightcore - Time Of Dying DS: the Ravens season is over.. But with the draft, free agency, Ozzie's magic & training camp, we'll get to 1,000 followers by next season! #sschat #edteach #edchat How do you deal with colleagues who are unwilling to try new ideas especially in the area of technology? she was like that everyday for us when I was in eighth grade. feel lucky (: What's your all-time favorite beauty product and why? #6 the first day on the countdown <3 Need to go buy a frame for this photo. rejected... at least money takes no part in this for me yeah sounds good! :) On the way to band contest:) Headed out to sell a DISH Network Tailgater, the magical dish-in-a-bubble that points itself! By way of McDonald's. :) Hiring Engagement Specialists to provide exceptional customer service. Apply online or in person. www.callcarenet.com/careers-details.asp Having a fascinating conversation about ham with I'm drunk. Thank God I'm surrounded by cornfields. Guess it's a good thing doesn't work TechCrunch anymore then? ;) Wow, sexy twicon, just stopped by to say it's a sin if no one's eating that ass... If I'm not being too subtle. Starting to make some headway on my test drupal website. Going to work for 13 hours now. See you later twitter! just what I needed tonight. Thank you! Think I want to go to the nail shop today :) I cant get over that that actually happened. Im proud of myself for not hyperventilating like I did almost 4yrs ago! haha! Dont ever use someone's past against dem.... is it me or did he seem like he was in a bad mood today? if bein fresh to death is a crime i think its time for me to see a jury(; mehhh this made me so happy <3 Crew love >> "Sometimes a girl just has to be a bitch, doesn’t mean she truly is one, but in that moment it was necessary." Story of my life at men haha West Allis says "Corporations aren't people, my friend." Tell us about your favorite #Preservation #Archaeology #Interpretation #History projects and programs at creativemitigation.com Cody Ross is the clean up hitter for the Red Sox tonight. Wow. From Manny in 2007 to this... btw is that u in your profile pic? I changed it using the twitter app... if I use tweetcaster I'm gonna have to crop out ur logo to make it fit Thanks so much for the support Robby. You rock!!! I hope you still keep up ur drumming :) tell mlb network that thanks You're fucking #LAME if all u tweet r "Please follow me" & "Please DM me" tweets! If you were truly cool u don't need 2 ask 2 b followed OH!! you mean the stupid bitch, whore, slut, hoe, free ugly ass prostitute? Yeah, she's a retard :] You're amazing!!!<U+E32E> and if he broke up with selena i hope hes not with some other girl thats just like a no no llol Since Louie and William say "bong" Me and Arii say "get a job" that isn't even fair! What an amazing shot! After spending most of my first 17 years in dance classes, I'm not sure how I feel about going to a class tonight after a 6-year hiatus. I have no dog in the fight, I'm a Skins fan and a Falcons fan...but the team with the most BC'ers gets my vote, that's NYG. To get a letter, write a letter. #NeverShouldYouEver make your girlfriend/boyfriend feel like that have competition. follow bAck Trying to figure out where to set-up my light box to take photos for Etsy listings. The natural window light has changed with the seasons! no spoilers plz :) spotted cockroach number 3... Turns out your spray doesn't work on this one Thx and I will! Congrats on your success :) Playing with Poll Everywhere Your welcome! And your in the Yay like us! And a night owl like us! lol Welcome to the machine o u better smash dat RT : having trouble synching my bank account for kickstarter amazon payment system, any recommendations | Kick for starters How is my CCW training different? I don't just teach what you need to get a concealed license, I teach what you need to know to stay alive! guys who talk to you first Lucky I wanted too see it! :( IL #families to get extra support due to $19m in grants for home-visiting programs. Read bit.ly/pfFJ7e Very True! Jacob... I move back in 20 days we miss you Greg! Convos outside of SM can help- told some active indiv how valued they are & now they're ambassadors But still, thanks for the press. Those kids are FANTASTIC and deserve more good press like this. Great info from and today in #JOUR4953 about campaign issues! RT pop up shop was crazy... good time chillin with and mike tony from design I do! Nice slides of intriguing NOAA work with dataviz & interaction in virtual worlds #wssmiami "Use the gift giving technique to have your message go viral." Annette Gray Too many kids in in-school suspension, disproportionately black males. ally! I hope it is all over Yes, but I'm all for it. Cooking up a promotion for May that will blow your minds Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove Always a good time -- finish you're studying so we can go back for round 2 we are til 8 if you stop by i'll give you one..#kop now owes me :) we have to make good ole Opperman proud! been to sleep twice today!? Mono, I went to bed at 5am, got up at 10am stayed up, went to work till midnight, and... It was #Adele with the broken vodka bottle in the hash bar. R.I.P Amy! should be fun. Big show in a bigger venue. Is a gal on the guest list? Lol ATT settles class action over termination fees AP - AT I miss you too ! Lets go Charlie Batch 70% of funders evaluating their work, but not always for learning purposes to share with the field Thanks, Keith! And thanks so much for coming to the Idea Forum this morning. It was lots of fun! Do you use Clear 4G internet? Would you recommend it? wish you guys would come back to Memphis! hope you feel better! RT “A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” - Scott Cook Secret practice session on an empty stage somewhere in Huntsville! Find me if you can and win a free slurpie!! ;) Nat' Director Lee Miller's oldest sister suffered a dual brain aneurysm yesterday & had immediate surgery. Please them in your prayers. "Many Waters/Many Floods" is only $4.99 on iTunes. If you have any friends looking for new music, tell them to pick it up. Made it back to LA!! Big shout out to all our new friends and fans made along the way! U all made this Tour a great success! See u soon The awkmoment when your walking and texting and you see someone's shadow in the corner of your eye and you FLIPOUT just from being startled! well that's great!!!!!! lol Loving tonight's thoughts from & Great mix of perspective, hope, anger & defiance. Is it tomorrow yet? Yea, get that color bro females feel it!! I got a fresh ass shirt that color!! Yes, sorry about that! It's the 22nd. You thought that was gonna work? You know you're bad at bowling when you get called out by the girl cleaning up it's Friday!! Thanks for sharing about Johnny. I wish him the best, even after all the mistakes. So sad to see his talent go unused. Escape the heat tonight with our cocktail specials. The $8 Elder Collins and the $6 Bourbon Collins. 7PM-12AM true. The house hunt begins officially very soon. Summer is gonna be AWESOME this year in the PARKS!! i dont like i love ha lol i love it In Bavaria, beer is legally defined as a staple food. Amen, friends. hes my favorite pick of their whole draft. Dudes a stud #boxing was glamorous& romantic. You listened to fights on the radio, A good announcer made it a contest between gladiators. Joseph Barbera What kind of gift giver are you? MARS DKI is no more! We are now DKI Restotech LV. Same great people just a differnet name! Water,Fire & Mold! 24/7 Emergency Response! Good point. expect a birthday shoutout Monday :D it does certainly seem that way! Going to #AAM2012 was professionally invigorating, working until 2:45 AM 2 catch up - not so much! G'night/morning! spontaneous inspiration. also want to have a modern work of art on my earlobes. #dashesanddots or maybe in theory parallel lines never converge- until they hit the art world @ a horizon line thank you for the follow! my new fav fashion inspiration! Xo! ;) I have Justin Buchanan scheduled for Chapel, but can't get thru via email to confirm. Do U have other contact info? lol duh (: think about it :P I like both teams Denver Uke Ensemble doing "Girl From Ipanema" that's the problem......you can't get a girl to do a woman's job I've never known you to be emotional and pissy! (unless copy insn't in by 2pm on Friday) hahahaha yea ill be down the werk after next Rolling papers are so much better than reciepts... CAREFREE WHEREVER YOU MAY BE And then there's the karaoke. That's nasty, hopefully Napoli doesn't leave the game.... Hate to get flogged out ! Hey! He tackled me when I tried getting a picture with you .. No hard feelings. <U+2764> on my couch...where you at well at least the ancient aliens Fridays tradition is being carried on Can I text you? xD I'd be freaking out if I could xD I would get in the batters box against Rick Vaughn before he got his glasses Nobody writing in the 21st Century should begin correspondence with “Dear Sir/Madam” or close with “Yours truly.” Paul Pierce!!! for 3!! I hope Jessica Sanchez wins American Idol! Not at all and coincidentally, I'm about to do a reading of a new play with a chimpanzee lead character! (I'll be 'reading' chimp) of course, i am wearing all black today...wish i had purchased a green sparkle or two from ban.do! Back in the office and already missing the excitement of #FTF2011! Taking a break for char-broiled Brussels sprouts, quinoa, & salmon for 1st meal. Then onto grading & prepping for the last week of school This man is a legend n da Brooklyn community. Ive seen him stare down the mothers of girls he did and laugh with no fear! Hope all the moms had a Happy Mother's Day! My wife got a #Kindle. Now I want one. And a new #phone, a new #computer & an #iPad too! Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner | promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 Got your tix? Deadline July 29 thanks babe (: i love you! you funny ass hole! Kind of sad this is the best team in Boston right now. GL to team pro in the #mainevent tomorrow Hunger Games tomorrow at 2!! (: WOOHOOO!! Because muthafuckas w/big ass mouths talk a lot of shit n cnt back it up No problem - thanks for the great Tweets! I was not built to break! going through my clothes and seeing a lot of stuff from flags *Tear* i just want to go out already Thank ya! Wish I was close enough for pie happy hour… My mom just asked me what I'm making her...All she knows is there's chicken and potatoes involved.. The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. -Jared Bruce I read your blog and am a fan, but will take it with a grain of salt given your ad hominem attacks against me today. YES! YES! YES! YES! CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER WINS BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR! HELL YES! . finally following nicki! Took her making a twitter come back to get the ball rollin'. Sir! I don't think you're supposed to carry your service animal. But I could be wrong. Aint no such thing there's no tomorrow!!!.. “: congrats on the #superbowl win!!” thanks buddy! I really don't know my way around Hamden, Lol . Stacks of wax & mounds of sound Having to force myself to be productive < Yep...totally wrote quests rather than guess...amazing autocorrect! Mad Men: Bad Trips - Grantland (blog) People are sayig your FB account has been hacked. Maybe, maybe not. You also looking for virtual sex. Its Colder Than A Castrated Eskimo in Milwaukee It's going to take me multiple races to work off all of the good food at now yalll got me all confused! :P congratulations! You're still running NY next week, right? Doesn't that make you a Maniac? follow me? Pls Mandy, Aria:] I love u on iCarly! i should study for my exams...but i cant.. . actually, you're a faux patriot chickenhawk cartoon who wouldn't know truth if it hit you in the ass with an arrow. oh, that's so nice to hear! Thank you for telling me. You are right, I should write more about WHY it is important. :) I had to make fun of my friend because Klout thinks he is influential about models. That service is so weird. we love you too<3 we stay winning! Good to see you tonight He's risen!!:) conquered death so we don't have too! How freaking awesome is that!?! Thank youu Jesus!:) have a great day you guys:)) Bankers are all betting against each other now -- Yes. And they're using ~your~ money! (#InEffect, #OPM) Why do super political ppl feel the need to cover their cars in bumper stickers? Happy Easter from all of us! Going to Yum Center today for UL graduation. Congrats to my brother I just wanna sleep Just needed a couple of days to unwind. Found a sense of vigor and purpose. Ready to tackle the world again. RT : Since Tim Thomas skipped White House visit, Bruins are 9-11-1, and his save percentage down from .933 to .899 Coming up on 1000 tweets...very peculiar for someone who hardly speaks.. He was a bold man that first eat an oyster, I just said it b/c it rhymed.. But I still want it though. a wee bit bad? candy is dandy More than a hundred proud students will be recognized for their award-winning artwork in The Scholastic Art Awards this morning ! Theres always that person that brings everybody down Oh yeah!!! My boys ring chasing! Another one bites the dust...lol. A sweet comment from a stranger started off a fantastic day!! I need to step out of my comfort zone more and do the same. what is the degree of significance of data channel metrics? #SPARC_Binfield Need more research. So happy to be waiting for someone to let me in my house. The waiting is the hardest part. Just shoot me already. had an all over the head pressure headache for like 5 days neuro said drink caffeine gave me vicod V necks Donald driver is a family man..... No way Jose! Kickstarter is up and running! OINK!! Hello again, Twitter! I'm officially back at work. Anyone have online access to Phil. Trans. R. Soc. A 368/1926 (2010)? Need article frm it. Three way tie? This is a fantastic ending to the #wellsfargo tourney! Come on Rory or Ricky! Went to a show alone with a jar of olives ": You may not have it ALL but having a friend or some family is a hell of a start. #Goforward!!" “: GM! NEVER Focus On What COULD HAVE Been. If Something SHOULD HAVE Been .. It WOULD HAVE Been. #AdjustYourFocus” And I've rewritten the introduction yet again! Fourth time is hopefully the charm. Just talked on the phone with my beautiful friend lisette(: Tonight: checking out Foursquare at Lilly's in Lincoln Park then going to the session at the Green Mill There are no mistakes in life, just lessons. On the train home to Philly. Excellent #PCCOpCo12 but my brain is tired. Thank you Evan, Kat & sweet little Pickle for being amazing hosts! was that in WI? Attention everyone: it is a beautiful day and you are all beautiful people. I have a workout planned outside at 3:00, join me! And yes, I know that was the 8-4 shift getting off. I just like to crack jokes. That u look good LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Los Angeles police spokesman: Famed hairdresser Vidal Sassoon dead at age 84. Having your own money > 1D Stole My Heart. Literally. XD Airport watching 2 guys chasing each other. BANG 1 guy is involuntarily planking 10ft down the tiled floors. Thank you for sharing this wonderful cause, Sondra! How is your week going so far? Oh get those bong juices flowin in my brain WHEEEEE iight yo ass don't never text back doe BFF that was short lived This is ridiculous. Ok, looking for an Android twitter client that can show multiple accts at once like tweetdeck but does pull to refresh. Picky I know If you aren't down with that, we've got two words for ya, "PERFECT MISTAKE" Cowbells and Beer! And a win for MS STATE! #hailstate #GoDawgs Oh, and Jager Bombs! Happy New Year !!! badboi grimey gates getting black balled we bout to go crazy on this industry rip gbaby rip nutso fuck these niggas thx for the props me too Bet Them Neighbors know My name (: Trey Songzz u ran into Shanell at the gym? Awww man I wish I was with her lol Cure for crappy hotel TV is streaming some Breaking Bad from Netflix using #ATT 4GLTE. Looks better than streaming over the free WiFi. Ploy to get more? Site says Sale ends 4-4-12 11:59PM RT Last chance 2 get tickets at a low price. They go up tm. aww my old roomy love her! “: Oh, we all know a douchebag named Tyler.” BAHAHA From Yacht And Boat Cleaning To Carpet Cleaning, Davie, Florida Residents Count On Revolutionary Cleaning For All Their Cleaning Needs Welcome back tweetcaster for android. Good Morning. Are you getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us what are your plans for this Thanksgiving Holiday & what you're thankful for. I'm more PA2 man RT : . Sanchez is better than Tebow like "Police Academy 3" was better than "Police Academy 2." Woman can fake an orgasm. Men can fake a whole relationship. FREE DOWNLOAD GET YOUR COPY "Count It Up" Ft " by I Am Citi Boi -... SDPD looking for 2 suspects in a violent sexual assault in Barrio Logan last night. We're headed to the bus stop where it happened. Got out of the 4X4 :D. But had to speed change when I got home for the meeting. -.- Fall back like your pads are maxies Shout out to Today's #JONEZ of the day. nicar-l is going to be interesting today #Teamfollow, #TEAMFOLLOWBACK, be sure to follow me and check out my website www.jamilemcgee.com I will Yes! RT : For those of us that can't make the trek to the nominations party, will they be posted online To all of you who are in Santoyo's Pre-Cal! He will be collecting notebooks tomorrow, despite the A.P test, so be sure to drop them off! whats going on JB? How you been? yea let's hope it's just a coincidence I hate awkward moments :P Zen and the Art of ILS Migration Riding a horse is not a gentle hobby, to be picked up and laid down like a game of Solitaire. It is a grand passion. u love the polish sausage Georgene & Gloria Bernhardt leave for Romania to spread some Easter love to the kids in placement centers. Georgene's 16th trip with us!! People are still saying #legit. I thought that fell off with Ok kik me what you like most about me (: Josephsilva14. (username) <U+0001F609> Breakfast CEO Roundtable includes execs from and Florida's gov, Lunch is over - back to work! I hate Man U. I hate seeing Man u fans at American Soccer Games Mega Movers move historical JFK TWA Terminal "The Trumpet" to new JetBlue Terminal. Thanks for the follow! So after waiting 45 minutes, I find out that wants $70 for a mesh drawer. Surely they didn't mean American dollars. thanks cuz its beautiful Q7 yes, please no form resumes and cover letters, address the job ad and its requirements in your application Foreign Frame of Mind ...... Coming soon. Leaving Lost Wages.... I mean, Las Vegas. New track with is finished! checking off two *huge* to-do list items! doing big thing. Keep dng like Vice2K represent Haitian Am so proud of yall..... Pgh debut of Scratch 59, Mighty Moose Mild, will be next wed during our beer pairing. Plenty of Tickets still available! I just don't understand is there something wrong with me? sorry bout your Spartans Jemele....there is still some room on tge Orange bandwagon what do I need to do in life to become a philanthropist? LOL..you called that one!!!! I would just have to sign my paycheck over to every month. It will be great to see you! CONGRATS! RT : A big thank you to for choosing me as a winner of a BridgeAbroad scholarship! So honored! :)" can i please get a happy birthday? i just turned 16 :) I balance out my life better by not giving a fuck. I struggle w/ the where value is created vs. where you actual make your $ issue. I flip flop on the tax issue all the time. are real rock and roll. Our pleasure. We love your work on Twitter! It's at the end of May. brb, committing. the only girl I know that can have tears running down her face, practically laughing, saying "Im not crying, im not crying!" ;D T-minus 5 minutes! We're ready in position! You are. I think we should make a rule, though: remove your name after you see the photo. Museum is always a good option, depends on what part of town you're though. Yay!! I'm watching Chippendales!! (ha! The power of grammar). I mean I'm watching Chip and Dale's rescue rangers!!! This meeting is the longest... working on purchasing new printers for the public areas and trying to track down an very unusual remote access problem to ejournals Gotta leave u alone Hate the new mobile twitter!!! <U+0001F621> cool, I'll tweet you after I talk is twitter acting a bit slow for anyone else ??? At least you survived the ordeal i be staring down people hard AF without really realizing it. lol Hey can I get a follow please? If ya girls just alike, we gotta have yo click I meant Dis OG got da whole crib clouded up & I bet u I be outta time before I'm outta luck... All the time... does anyone fall for the fake accounts more than Dickie V? I'm glad you're there to inform him. Thank you for your support! Fill in the blank: I really wish I could read _________’s diary. OMG IF U DON'T SHUT UP ABOUT THAT ! Okay seriously... Why have I never seen "The Producers" before?!? Your not a 'Bad Bitch' You just look Bad, Bitch. U Knocked it out of the park in #THINKLIKEAMAN! And BTW.. your Fearless Mag cover #RIDICULOUSLY BEAUTIFUL! Be Blessed UPDATE 1-Market Chatter - Corporate finance press digest yeah, I don't see how they keep a straight face. Ha! always happens RT: : is trying to get everyone to participate but we are all too busy tweeting. It was nice to meet you. You are an awesome person! Guy parked in Diebold van outside my place. Should I be worried? i am so looking forward to #TheHouseOfDust !! :) My pleasure-you rock! RT : Thanks for the RT Elizabeth!! A recipe for success. Take 16 teams, put 'em on an 8-lane track and start at 4pm. Also allow each team two entries. Yes! The 3 day weekend!!! :D Actually doing APUSH homework i love my dirty music goin to the docs. fun... #ThatMoment when you go through all of 's tweets, YouTube videos, and keeks just to see how much he's really grown!! I don't love God because I have to. I love Him because he simply is irresistible. Yes! And you have a lovely wife who is dedicated to her family, so I know you know a good mom when you see one. Hug her 4 me. Rejection hurts like a Joey Chestnut sized stomach ache Rainy day = Perfect day, for artwork. It's hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off. Fear not #personwithalamephone Android ver coming soon (saw it w/ my own 2 i's); Your phone will be less crappy soon! God, I need your help? please help me to justin be able to followed me? I don't know what should I do now, which I know I just beg thee God In silver league, one game in 3 at least is a cheese game as new players aren't competent at defending them Endure, Overcome, Dominate, Preparing my business plan to dominate the healthcare market for SaaS email management with Mimecast! @ my fav chill spot: #panerabread enjoying my first latte chai tea... Anyone know why you can't buy Beatles songs/albums on iTunes? oh hell no. Lol Merry Christmas!! Spending time with my mamaw today :) maybe you should watch something else :) Lies.RT I'm the INNOCENT ONE. Best Friends Listen to what you don't say <3 I'm surprised ESPN isn't touching it yet. Do you think b/c they are slow or because it's a touchy subject? trying to! And do the same, papo :-) Hey Dani having trouble sleeping so up most of the night about to lay back down; HOW ARE YOU MY LOVE? What's up wit this fucked up world today ? Dynamo can't beat LA without Davis. Thanks ! Glad you liked the video. Renfields will play Fright Farm Tonight! Be there... Or Beheaded! 2 hrs before I gotta get up for work & I can't sleep bc I'm coughing my lungs out from being sick....:( Poly marriage supporters: How would you write a law to legalize multiple marriage? Interview prep day. Let everyone else walk through their resumes. I dance. TX for mention thanks! It was my only serious run this week since I was sick...first time I tested myself since running the half i followed am 1 of the 10 people??? I get way too excited when my tea is ready. Lauren Hill is making a comeback. Her appearance looks better and everything. ONE game from the Stanley Cup finals. Holy shit. Sure, it's great that you're doing this. I'll be in touch some thoughts. That would be perfect to wear for coverage of Fiesta. Favorite quote from last week, "if you wanna work on this film, you must be safe, you must recycle, and you must love cats." i think we make the best team ever. In NY next month for the NY games conference. Wondering if (##FF) and are attending. Wanted: one journalism student in NYC to fill in for ridiculously awesome VIP cocktail event (Fri & Saturday). Media at cravelocal dot com. All right American Words exam. Let's do this. Revising, so mostly my recent ones are either new, or recast. That last is new. Storyboards over, and I have some new art to do for Milwaukee Opera Theatre Co. There's a damn #Millermoth in my bedroom. And I lost it. Dammit. Watching drama unfold via as police forces seem to close in The current economic stimulus packages are being to invest in the modernizationand redseign of their lighting systems.giving LED extra push. Thanks for being my walk to work buddy this morning! Haters. I like the dress. Thanks for hanging out. We're glad to hear you are enjoying the award winning Wishing you a smooth flight. #describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle Duck Hunt Say what you want about Mayweather but that man works his ass off.. Has every right to be cocky/confident. <U+0094>When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.<U+0094> --Henry J. Kaiser Huntsman: Caterpillar moved from Japan to Georgia. People now investing here Everyone go follow on instagram! #Hurry <U+E106> Those are adorable! Not a bad day My dad said yolo. 1st time Client? Come join us at Flo Fusion Fitness for your free 30 minute session. Call and make your appointment today.. 619-794-2740 Lil B and #WorstRappersAlive trending? Hmm Coincidence? I think not. and... i just dropped a paperclip into my coffee. The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug. Mark Twain Great catching up with all of you. #follow ! Check out our interview next week with founder of African Film Festival! where are you?? Also, someone please talk me into buying the $199 airfare to CHI (leaving tomorrow!) so I can go to the game on Sunday! Im in regret mode! We Need To Hit The Lab ASAP!!! I Smell Crack With The Shit U Got! Truth or Dare ? Fuck No Miss Me With That Pinocchio is on fire. Seriously. Not sure why Chipotle is trending, but I think I'd like to know! Normal lunch spike? M #guacamole! If that's not a hashtag, it should be! One of our favorite benefits too! Hide the ball gotta make em wait Say that last part 5 times fast..... :-) "when its cold outside people have alot more sex" i love this class. have you seen forks over knives? Gr8 read: Forget Networking: How to be a Connector. Love this: "I sort of just run into fear, as I run into chaos," - Yep, I get that! happy fr1Day everyone (: Some of them certainly do. How are you holding up today? #schoolmemories being weird at lunch and not caring what others think :) No PSDs here. AI for life! So excited for the game tonight! It's been too long since the last game. lol then leave me alone I'm thinking about wearing my harry potter shirt tomorrow! :') Thank you for being such a wonderful friend, through the good and bad. :) #andNoYouDont *two quick claps* STOP DET! TY! : Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following! Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!! I need iced coffee. #OutoftheLoop The Divorce Cycle: When marriages end in divorce from generation to generation. Watching Boy Meets World! All I want for Christmas is...the monopoly game of The Wire it's true! Growing up I couldn't stand Thor. Now I'm actually looking forward to The Avengers coming out to see how he fits in. seems silly when you can just download the entire english version of wikipedia right now and use offline tomorrow. 4/1/1789->W. Hartshorne:Nothing would be more painful to me than to be the innocent cause of distress/injury to any individual of my Country Planning the greatest winter break ever. Road trippin to California with an old pal. On another note, A classic! (headphones on) Interested to see what is outlined in the final #ACO rule today. Joshua Brief, I miss you! I want to see you soon! kthanksss <3 my birthday is in the spring. What a nice gift this would make :) "I'm a jeep kind of guy." So..........you're broke but pretend it's your butchness. A girl’ll run her mouth only outta spite Lights back on. AC now working. Things are looking up. Please don't let me down again never a pen. get your head out of you arse. Coates had the ball Crying so hard because I miss <U+0001F614> I need that mixtape on the site bro.. Had the honor to perform for Sharon Osbourne today! She was very generouse with compliments, and I absolutely adore her!!! 31 years since Lennon died...war is over,if you want it... Hi stranger! How are you doing? How's the writing? very true. TA's are hard at work in the office preparing for a fantastic Good morning twitterworld! How's it going? cool be there soon to promote new product . ": unfortunately im in dc but I can make a trip if the trip is paid for" — My heart is in DC. My home/studio is in the MD suburbs. But, if you are adventurous, you're more then welcome to visit! so who hit laroachy ???? I be thinking that $150k isn't too much lmao good shit tonight. Get ready for Sunday. What time is practice tomorrow? “: Hey L.A. > : Where is a good place to buy live lobster?” King Fish in Glendale #RonaldJenkees on repeat helping me bang out this 20 minute presentation the night before :D I missed you during aerobics today! hey did you findout if anyone wants to buy a ticket? Hi guys:3 Lol. are you not having fun?! "Having Vagina means you have heart problems" - McKenna Mitchell, Age 8 Real shit lol dfisher would have made that shot that blake so conveniently lost Toxic people tend to infect good people sick with their drama. Having a photo of waffles on my iPhone background is def. NOT helping while hungry and still at work. I was just thinking the same thing.... Hell what can we make up about other dead celebs to make ourselves a buck. Welcome to the 21st century, Chris :) I Love My Followers , S\O To my New Ones Congratulations! Very deserving. When I go back home & make it to a game w/ my daughters I'll try to say hi. I'm so happy for you. bartinis VIP tomorrow around 11 pm. Feel free to join Thanks Chris! Hey do you want to head up our Tweet Team for the Campaign? Almost. I did yell at it as it was trying to head back into the building. Though I understand the Church's power in persecution,I see secularism as a great opportunity for the Church to grow & be strong is gonna love my new username .. I'm sleepy. But, still have ONE more paper to write, before tomorrow. :( BO! All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner #8x10designs.com small business design package, Just $375 including business cards and stationary. 484-378-9103 ready for the day where I don't have to write another research paper. Time to go to work Online shopping is so addictive... I don't even feel like I'm spending money. We highly recommend you do ;) Congrats to 201 MCW 4th year med students on today's match! Still sick, this shit ain't cool Yay! Last day of my week of hell.... i feel kinda better ._. ah yes, the universe works in mysterious ways. not sure I quite understand its timing ;) hopefully will be 10x as lucid tomorrow ah. Dont listen to them they probably retarted or sum .. :D We really did it this time Not a fan of the 2 unfunny older nerd improv troupe actors in the Sonic commercials Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime. Great night? GREAT DAY you all think I'm not looking but I still am... at Denver. When is your app coming out???! I miss you too...You need to just leave spain right now! i just went back and watched the end of the season presser talkin about sj13 #toofunny "naw guys hes not a criminal" Watching teen mom,damn they have a lot of problems Good year for you, sad year for me. But I'm here and doing well. never heard of that one, I will have to look into that one also ;) Anybody know the best spot to watch the airplanes come into Mitchell Int'l? I'm trying to film something for a documentary project. I had the same dream last week. Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!! 2010 is a year of immense opportunity! Bring on the positive vibes! :-) im following. sorry about the late response (: Are you actually on Kik messenger or is this person a fake like I suspect? i'm tired ! Lol I meant like not now ): Your new life may cost you your old one. MMA is definitely popular in segments, but it is not as popular as Boxing was in it's heyday Thanks for the add! The artistic "movements" (if such things exist in the wake of the death of the avant-garde, ca. 1968) associated with RT : Muffet just gave Lisa Jones her best Pat Summitt stare. #ncaaw (Melts steel) Sis, youve planted the seed on discussing race & sexuality n SWING last year. Join forces w/ like-minded Sisters & do this. Criminal charges against George Zimmerman will be announced this evening: LOL...I resemble that remark. As to the martini...your wish is my command. currently creating and updating requirements for transaction system I guess the main reason is because of all the beliebers who turned into 1D fans. Idk why but it really bothers me. Obama is the NOT the gay president newsweek. hope you are having a great day x Homegrown just got cooler. Genny Bock on cask will be there. Get your tickets quick. thanks so much for supporting my friend she means the world to me Good to know. I really liked the movie and have the book waiting in the wings. thanks for the RT! We were glad to feature you. The President is in town...as if LA traffic was not bad enough. Any time...come back to Tampa soon ...been loving your music 4 close to 15 years. Have a great night . #mydumbinjury jumping on my bed when I wad little hitting the ceiling and got knocked out #concussion 3 -were all just going up and going our seperate ways :] thats a good thingg Baltimore, although that'd never happen in a million years. I'd actually like to see a team in Hartford again. I see :) We have kinda solutions that you can come korea or I can go to Japan :p hahah. I'm studying in my univ :( Invisible touch by Genesis is why I wear headphones at the grocery store. So sad. RT : Legendary CBS newsman Mike Wallace has died. He was 93 - God dammit pizza sounds good Thanks 4 the RT : “: True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value. It's too good to be true but someday it will come true. We'll see. break a leg! & whatchya workin on? Start flipping tables. oh no not a runner NOBODY likes them ! what made Alex land on her early twenties as her subject matter? The stage production was outstanding...especially the trickling at the ending leading to "World Peace"....the rest? Bollywood U.S.A. Olympus eyes fresh start, ex-CEO mulls legal threat Lol hope I'm not streaky again tomorrow.. <U+0001F60F><U+0001F601> I LOVE you on ANT Farm!! And your my favorite character! :) I'M GUD JUST KICKING BACK WATCHING LAW AN ORDER remind her to be sure to hug the mountain; to envelope that mountain. So dont trash LeBron, haters - RT : Since 07 playoffs--Kobe is 0-7 in game winning or game tying shots w under 10 seconds left. Preview: Sheanomenon takes permanent role in central defense as and FC Dallas try to break extended winless streaks. UGH, I cannot wait for high school. I can't wait to be old enough for a job. I'm getting three, okay? Good luck!Really like what you are doing, keep up great work! We got booze. Girls. Booze. And girls Have they been successful? What types of ads have you tired? good just writing my new song wbu Anyone in #highered feel this way? We want to know! RT Purchasing department: Where all great ideas go to die He has played 270 minutes so far, on average taking a shot every 11.25 minutes. What 'base' is Santorum even addressing? Most catholics are JFK liberals or more, and young evangelicals are liberating. Gabe! I just saw the 8-year-old version of you! Random, I know. But he was super adorable! :) Yes BYOU has a store in Denver-area on Arapahoe Rd between Parker & Jordan Rds. Stop by whenever you can! :) He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place Ya know what would really make my birthday special is if Tweeted Happy Birthday to my cute fan lmao that sounds like a nice change of pace :) "AND-- MURDER HIGHWAY. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW. PLUS-- ENTER TO WIN THE SION I-Q!!!" just remembered that. Lol RT Slipping, dammit. Today my milkshake only brought 79% of the boys to the yard. & he told me that Tim was flirtin with some bitch in their 6th bell Texans nab Georgia C Ben Jones 5k n morning, leave house by 6, up now 4 1st feeding of the night... gonna b a long day + softball after the walk/run! Thanks for sharing! Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away OH NEVER MIND. I understand! Don't move in with your parents for a few months before grad school. Doesn't matter how broke you are or how much you want to quit your job. On the phone with Andrew and Sarah. Talking about pick up lines. Funniest niight ever. Just got in trouble though fun has just been killed): lol..don't hate.. I stay flexed for days.. It began as a wish and grew to a do-able project, thanks to a few dozen *amazing* volunteers. Really feeling the community! hope yall havin a good evening I Prefer Finesse Rather Than Obvious Bullshit… Yay!!Documentary film class, exploring the human condition! its gonna be well worth the wait tho talks shit like he's the coolest kid around. Your heads a little bigger than mine Best #askbilas question of the night by far lmfao i don't even know what i was writing lmfao. what time do you wanna print? Chicago out west ah fuck that actually, we owe YOU guys shots after that show. Really great. We're at Rasselas across the street...jazz and shit i am not getting them :( Thank you for the tip TOUCHDOWN VEGAS!! I don't need your civil war -thanks for the names!! GDIAB MY MOM SAYS THAT TOO. they are so alike... Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!! was the mole inflamed? You are welcome. We are looking forward to it! Random I know, but your avi is really cute. LOL That's refreshing cuz I feared I was suffering fr a sure case of American presumption :) Peace my friend (and that's all i know from my 3-month-long anticipatory retail therapy obsession) I can't wait for the new transformer game to come out, I hope it's online as well like the first one was. thanks ! Same to you. And y'all wonder why I do my own stunts and solo missions!!! Mofos are delusional and annoying! Smh Nick Foles. Some what mobile and prototypical size white boy QB. Only question is who gives Philly a 2nd rd pick for him in 3yrs. Lol. Sounds like we both fail. (: <3 happy valentines day twitter world :) <333 ready to eat some nachos & drink a margarita today ---Money buys speed ... not talent Hope to see you there! going to New Jersey today to film a new movie. I play a Detective and I solve a murder. yay! what fun!! Merry Christmas from the East Coast how is this game still 1 : 0 I honestly don't think NY is all that great! Mabe its just because Ive been living here all my life wow your lucky to already be done haha Did you hear the Los Angeles Community College District is building green & its one of the nation's largest green construction efforts Thanks for the link. (Love - use it everyday!) lmfao i know she was like my favorite flavor of Popsicle is DICK I will be there!!!!!! And so will and We wouldn't miss it! Annoyed..cuz when I get hit w/the bad, it really comes..nt a little at a time but it's kinda like the big bang... bro. I didn't meet them wah. did u hear my song Google is the gateway to the world! My favorite material is cashmere!!! I our suppliers could switch to an acrylic/wool blend. Once they make enough profit... IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE! Fork lifts to get three drum decks on stage? Really? I need to go home. can you please follow She follows Back!(: Amen to that! Wondering if it is Spring. The Willow whispers, "It is so". Beds are so much more comfortable when you have to get out of them. have you guys heard this Gotye song yet? my spirit guides are the raven, the rat & the giraffe ... as far as i could tell on my shamanistic adventure w is gushing over Matt Kemp. If I had a chance to interview Kemp, I would ask him where his MVP award is. When a boy calls you cute he likes your face. When he calls you hot he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful he likes your heart. this was sent for you from : "May God give you and your family comfort at this time of sorrow.” Thank you. Remember to never settle. If you have a dream I'll hep you achieve it. There's a special Toy Fair Sklander? I have a Skylander hidden for a "special" day too. San Antonio is ranked 7th in the nation in fastest growing metros for exports according to the Brookings Institute. Registered for the ACT. Getting ready to for an end-of-the-year celebration - we'll miss our graduating research assistants! oh my... away from twitter and the layout has CHANGED a LOT! My whole crew is on visa! OMG I WANT TALK TO YOU BUT I'M FROMG GERMANY :'OO I LOVE YOU SO MUCH <3 oh my lord on the yoga pants!:-) Tuesday, Tuesday! Did you know we have Flight Night Wine Specials under $15? Only Tuesdays! Hey, I know I'm late to the funeral but how could any school drop a candidate for supporting something like #omla? We're the good guys! hit me up on the DM :) Found all families in Calhoun County Alabama , Roanoke VA and in Doughtery County, GA. Now will take a breather. i wish nothing but the best for you. It's National FFA Week and I'm proud of my husband who's been a vo-ag teacher #FFA advisor for 24 years. sure did, couldn't sleep last night so I figured. What the hell I miss you boo! thatnks for the re-tweet :) I think I am the best at doing that ;) “: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of #Scandal.” haha me too!! Give us a chance!!! My novel is juicy here here!!! Been feeling so anxious lately. I'm so ready to experience different things. It's crazy. rep it kid thanks for the shout-out, we'd LOVE to have you and/or other #RISD folks come participate this weekend! who said u had too! We ain't even cool lol but since I'm making it maximum 10 then I can give it a 10 but ur right it's off the scales ! So many things runnin thru my mind rite now “We owe respect to the living. To the dead we owe only truth.” - Voltaire JK love you :)) World full of fakes Smh Snagajob uses the trust index to measure its culture I will only use a water fountain if I'm dying of dehydration Thanks! RT : -- Just clicked the "Like" button! i saw it for 150 miles across the river!!!! I saw at Feist. She must know good music! ;) I'm not your pal, guy. I'm not your guy, buddy. I'm not your buddy, friend. Finally home I think somebody is gonna get stropped dropped and rolled did you know?An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain. good point. Wife said same thing. Very wise, you are. ew. you back for the show? I thought people's mid-life crisis came in at 40-50, mine's about 20 years too early! Haha. tomorrow night! Shout out to new followers. So many people in Bradley County don't have homes any more. They need all of our prayers and help. Don't even fret, there are tons of events to check out this weekend in town! I'll see you if you don't see me first ;) Coffee's up! We have some of the books required for summer reading going cut the grass today hope it goes quickly Happy Mother's Day to all mom's....esp my mamma! :) Stomach is hurting badly , need a Ibuprofen ( think thats how its spelled ) lbs :\ I'm blaming it on the fact that I'm colorblind. Rhodes Battles the Legend of Booker T Lol!!!!! RT he wanna hit it from the back while i eat a big mac you media streamers and your booze!! so precious and so dangerous! ;-) Would u agree that Semin needs to pick it up to his potential? Summer Reading......#notfun :/ that's awesome!!! I'm a second year now..ha.. I gotta update my profile Hey ya'll. we are temporarily closed because of a gas leak. Yikes. Will reopen at 4pm today. Sorry inconvenience. The pull out method, it's all about confidence. Compliments of Matt Stankiewicz Nice one! "this better be pretty freakin important, is the meadow on fire?" ": #MentionTo someone who knows you better than you know yourself." you're my girl, love you! I love a good Stossel show! RT show this wk (9pm EST), talks about how Hollywood gets capitalism wrong. - I Love And ,You My Inspiration!!MUCH LOVE. The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you! etch daz time on the sides of your head to prove dedication. Otherwise you're just playing kiddie games. I'll be seeing you tomorrow then. cc: I fell asleep halfway through. The fact that Ramirez went 4-for-4 w/ game-winner (his was bat being delivered), saved piece Charity is not only something we owe to society, but something that we owe to ourselves. Just sitting here crying. I am so tired. :( I just want to rest. I dont matter anymore. why do i even try? :( well yea that's my name so same here loving life It took two years, but, the man has spoken RT : I farted Thanks, I'll try Ginger Ale, Chicken Soup, and a healthy dose of movie-watching in the living room well I mean Let's see m the only one whose paid all of the money so far so eat my dick lol we need to get together n by plane tix Pujols hit a home run today woohoo!! Seeya again in a few weeks son!!! we're fighting a battle bigger than books, though I predict a return to simplicity soon (faith in a seed...) :) Fuck u and the person who made u #Pinterest invite is pending in my inbox. Given the fanatical devotion it's inspired, I'm a bit nervous to dive in. Stone is always a great option for outdoors. Isn't that a roadrunner? Everybody doesn't know your dreams. Everybody don't know your hustle. All they gonna see is the results, so its on YOU! I'm inappropriatly excited that I became the "mayor" of on So who's just starting their Holiday shopping and who's finished? Today, I am getting a lot of mine done at Charlottesville City Market! Thank you so much! RT : I so love ur hair salon. I had to like ur FB page Gearing up for game day in Madison with my parents and sister. Let's hope the rain stays away. Go #Badgers! Its true, but I'll take it. Its also somewhat comforting to see them alive in a dream than none at all... The remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches... Hugh's comments on Kellen Moore are racist. See how easy (and irresponsible) that is?! I never Knew how much i loved yooh(: Wins! Keep it going boys! The Texas Rangers scare the hell out of me. who is we? What jersey do you wear? Smh. You are talking like Denver a pushover. #swseaedu And the winner of Startup Weekend EDU is Text2Teach! Congratulations! Getting ready to hit up the gym in a little bit. I can't remember a season or postseason of football more annoying than this one. he left some guy picked him up in a car lol Why are people so deceiving? More importantly, why do we trick ourselves into thinking that their deceiving actions are okay? Air quality warning for San Antonio today. Don't breathe if you can help it. My pleasure! RT : | Thanks for a great meeting this morning! The future is bright! Hates when Twilight movies look semi-decent is that where you are from too? call me homie lol! Make me! How'd you even know I was awake!? Haha hit my line won time! Lil homie. In the room, in in the room Hell no they're not! ;) Haha jk done!! Text me about it and we can figure out what time. Sure! Suitably aquatic, I reckon :) if i acted the way most girls do id drown myself in a well. that shit's not cute. just signed on to Produce/Line Produce the feature film, "The Lookout". Pre-Production starting this week. Production tentatively scheduled… watching Ray do his pre game rant makes me want to crush someone! HE CAME OUT OF THE CLOSET I FUCKING TOLD YOU! Can you guys believe that NBC cancellation news today? That's so cool that they're cancelling Leno and bringing Carson back from the dead! miss the big sexy! will see you soon! ": wins. kay bye." owned and thanks<3 Swanson Engr. wants to thank the RK Mellon Foundation for the largest private foundation grants in Pitt’s history! playin hangman in school+i ofcourse choose as my subject+all of the sudden a girl goes Harry styles I made a new friend 2day At a +roads. 6 mo after dumping corporate world, finally found true calling. Met with cancer aware people - now making purses with soul. mine to I did, when I saw that. Lol A very Happy Mothers Day to all! hmm, not much beer in my fridge that is less than 9%. Watched New Years Eve<3 it was adorable(: Tim #Tebow is just precious. If he thought Florida was bad, the women of NYC will throw themselves at him relentlessly. Earth Day is Sunday, April 22! All week we'll by sending tips via twitter to get you in the spirit! when u gunna be able to play? #Dear God,I just wanted to say thank You for another day. Watch over my family and friends today, bless us- Now that the family computing devices are working again, it must be time to venture home. is working on some site updates and marketing plans My life has been made. Dolan spoke to me. they're okay, but icebats are clearly the superior ugly doll Have you seen Last Day in Madrid? #e206 undefined We'll be crewing up for some shoots soon. If interested in joining us, e-mail with your info, avaiability, & details. It's funny how hoes show love in V.I.P #4WordsAfterWackSex "why did you cry?" Fuck yeah dude! Ok, so who wants to meet JLS backstage on 2 July? Check out The Daily Record today, p.14. im praying for you everyday and god will help you with everything(: he loves you and he has an angel looking down at you(: Thank you so much for following--happy creating! are you really blocking the trending of #troydavis?! i am totally disgusted. good good! Keep it up :D trust me I feel worse than you. Your hangover has a hangover. We were animals last night. Damn you Jaeger!!! what is this BS you tweet of? WHY IS THE WEEKEND SHOW NEVER ON A WEEKEND AND ALWAYS WHEN I HAVE ENDLESS AMOUNTS OF STUFF TO DO Would you pay $300 for a pair of VU meters for your Pro Tools rig? next time you see me, say hi :) Thanks for the follow! We're trying to make a local Milwaukee music television show. Let people know about us! hahah don't let her get you... Finally you're on the twitter wagon! Prepare yourself for insane fangirl tweets...especially from me. my mouth started itching. But she told me her mouth had been itchy for along time. Now wondering if environmental allergies. RT : hey now. Dont be showing off my sexy farmers tan to everyone! Haha // Lol :) When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world? Box must open at some point! Does anyone have an iPhone charger I could use? Hello, I am an author/researcher. I have important information 2 get out 2 the public. What would U recommend? Thanks. Today is the only day that I like commercials.... 1/22 App Special :Three Cheese Phyllo Wrap with Sautéed Pesto tossed Julienne Vegetables & a Roasted Bell Pepper Tomato Coulis your gorgeous,perfect,flawless and you look like a angel from above. please do not say you are not good enough because u are. Amount of time in the GYM = Amount of time eating non stop after :-) RT : 2 Hours in the gym nonstop!! Follow !! LIKE us on #facebook! little did I know that buying a $3,000 camera required $1,500 lenses and a couple more grand in accessories. 2nd day of 2010 and all is well; love, love, love my new computer! well, the eq I have been using is, how did africas geography impact the first civilizations that arose there? lmao "Prove you're #BGC " hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt where is the burger from ? Once Again I Can't Fuckin Sleep Smh shut up!!you're so pretty and soo sweet.guys are just stupid and looking for some easy p**** you'll find Mr.right,i promise.! Merry Christmas Lady!! xoxo Why is accusing me of stealing the agency cookies? Guy's known me for what, 2 days? Donnie! You know it son! I believe ketchup is the insult to the chef, but either way I'm the chef so I welcome ketchup or A1 :D Yes! Gr8 seeing u again, Amy :-) RT : Extraordinary networking and learning taking place at Carlos Cardoba sentenced & HIJOle the Judge was nice. Maybe I will be REAL nice to everyone from now on! Ric Armendarez no more hacking. Happy Mothers Day. You Still Owe Me Olive Garden! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> for hip hop heads like me, yes haha Linsday Price and Curtis Stone looked great in Soho yesterday with their baby boy Hudson. Popped in Shabby Chic.. RT : The intellectual and social climate needed to allow entrepreneurship to thrive will not exist in advanced capitalism.... 4 yummy lbs of yummy Montana buffalo, beef and elk jerky are being overnighted to my doorstep. Congratulations to our Winner of Project Valkyrie on DVD!! #pipa Stop this bill! Write your representative in congress! Internet censorship is your problem! the world can smack themselves if they think that I am rooting for the heat too lol hi phil, I've read 3 recognized the Lorax on Abe's shoulder right away. Thanks for info! Baklava is so delicious. Free baklava is even more delicious Have a safe trip! It might hurt a little at first, but dont be alarmed, thats natural. “Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic.” : cool house! likes the cabinets. >>> it's for sale you know... It'll be open Sunday 1-4. Have a great da ... #Taylor profile pic?...Not bad. Are you at Vine Cottage?! RT - Please Miami Dolphins please please don't take Pryor. Please Louis for the night. Taking it back old school. Many people on twitter claim to be ninjas... I'm callin #shinanigans on that one why you texting about al qaeda? I need a joke about the lotto and Frank McCourt. Help! thanks Rick Rubin for ruining the new Gossip album. MIND BLOWING event I called a San Diego PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER after hours tonight--and he HELPED US! amazing but TRUE!! Seriously, I want to commit Seppuku after drinking coconut water. "I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act" - Bill Gates but you haven't talked to me in forever On iOS, it has comparative advantages. If only someone has split MS into an apps co and an OS co a few years ago... Shower before bed is the best feeling ever is here this week!! Check his timeline!! Cliff Lee, jewelry, apartment accessories and an amazing dinner - Santa is obviously obsessed with me. Elton, with a most satisfied smile It implies that he's never been to a supporters' group tailgate/stood in one...which can't be right, can it? Special is when we are present, when we have eye contact, when we say what we mean and mean what we say. That can happen anywhere, anytime. The only thing she has over me is that she's 30 pounds closer to hibernation than I am. Working out kinda hurt my legs tonight. I'll do yoga in the morning. :) I randomly went to your blog yesterday and it wasn't working. Glad it's back! =) Raise your hands if you called off work for Tigers' BB today! well then is a GENIUS do u know ? your last two tweets,make me think u should I'm not at work lol I was off today ok good night bff great choices! “: Ben Folds or Brad Paisley!!!” What the hell, Tuesday is "Double High Roller" night on Merge? They offer 2x $215 30ks that launch simultaneously. Sick All-white remake of "Waiting to Exhale," y/y? Apparently in North Carolina it's okay for first cousins to marry but same sex marriage isn't okay? Yeah, that definitely makes sense. can't wait to see you again on #DWTS and hope you stay longer and hopefully even win this season :D Ok Beckett... bout time... Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, cause that too much, can hurt SO much. please can u Might have pushed myself a little too hard riding in today... feel a little bit woozy. Need more water. Meeting in a half an hour. haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol My feeling of "impostor" syndrome didn't start until I started being appointed to committees and was the youngest one there. how long did it take you? Hoping for a mild, light wind no pollen day for next weeks #halfMarathon! Congested and itchy after today's run Not sure....I just signed up for it. #teamfollowback word. I follow back. Would anyone want a swim boot camp? Medicine balls/stretch cords? I am cookin' healthy brown rice pasta 4 my mom! I will cherish this moment! Because I can't take anyone seriously who equates "not conservative" w/ "baby killing" or "Marxist." Anyone know of a good gumbo/seafood place in New Orleans? Not too late to join in! Muffin Mania in our test kitchen today...really big ones bursting with blueberries and mini chocolate chips. Yum! Opened SHORT $USDCHF @ .9835; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82% SHORT you're welcome hot stuff RT : Behind Oscar 8:29pm ****-- hilarious last night Ben. Hope you didnt snag your trouser trout with that fish hook bet how many games did we win? I've tried today's mainstream "rap" and i'm not gonna lie, they have good beats, but i feel disgusting if i try to rap along with them in#civility as political performance for ratings -- so is #civility a class issue? it HURTS! dont u get it?! Everyone! Stay tuned on August 21st. "It's a date?" - Sam Miller Yes! Graduation day...Congratulations to all my fellow graduates! <U+0001F44F><U+0001F389> #C/O2012 Gotta love Rocky IV, but Apollo dying was sure a downer. #NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix) Also, I think that cigar was called, "Acid", great name, eh? We lived. Thank you jesus. RT Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain. have I missed the GirlTalk password? what about it lol Funny how many tweets in #edchat are not related to the question, but take advantage of the reach of the hashtag. PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MAY WORLD IF YOU DID IF YOU DON'T I MAY CRY:( YOUR AMAZING ANd so adorable <333333 couldnt be any nicer tonight..... jkkk no i wont Loving the homeless-hotspots! Greater Who is tracking weekly social media metrics? What categories? Who The Fuck Un-followed Me .? “: Come to Maggie's for a frosty.” We gonna stop by thanks! Hopefully I will see you at a show in LA!! Yu let me fall Jake's a bully Twisted a Smurf-et for Angel and Shy's Birthday that I am dropping off in Lynn, Ma. along with two bags of balloon creatons Hey! How were the Turbo Fruits last night? Awesome, I hope. I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out Thanks! I'm honored!! {blush} K going to sleep now. Since Patrick kinda...uhm...well...fell asleep on the floor, lol. : Tell Jessie I said I hope she gets well soon. The Wonder Years on Netflix!? What? There goes my Sunday afternoon I can't post anything on FB. Is anyone else having trouble? nice to know that u r a beliver. please uphold me in ur prayer. thanks At the rusty bucket jus ate a sandwich :) #NP Chris Brown ft Rihanna - Turn the music up Holy....people still develop for and own webOS products? Just had a developer register two apps with us. lol im back at ember thursday nights!! big ed fr twin peaks is in this stephen king werewolf thing. how fun wtf u even want weave for u got a massive amoun of hair u donr need no weave woman! Debating whether I can crank out a new song in the next hour or so. "Holiness" is always a result of recognition of the love we are given and not our own achievements or efforts. Apparently I share a birthday with Elmo. But Oscar is still my favorite. Any one going to #CALABA ? RT : Check out the promo video for the occurring this Saturday! ah but I'm going to Santa Clara! Totally awesome Social Media Marketing Workshop today by & - they are the bees knees! Stakin cheese till my bread right.. too funny-sad i missed this adventure RT naw naw naw : I do speak to you . I always gotta say something to you first . Design, decorate, and even bedazzle, your own tote bag at the Helen C. House Party tomorrow. haha once is enough - we suck lol hell no Charlie is the man you need to hurry yo ass up and get down here the weather is beautiful Yo!!! My pleasure Chris. Blessings to you & yours as well. :) Knee surgery yesterday - such fun! Another month of recovery. Doc apparently doesn't understand how much I rely on my knees... Welp after tonight I will be twitterless till this Saturday, see you all then! // thanks for the follow! We hope you are having a tremendous day! Thank you Tessa! The more feedback I can get, the better I can plan this project. TOMORROW. Im going to hug as many people as possible... i see you pulling out in front of oncoming traffic. I say "good grief charlie brown" too many times a day. I wanna find a chick thats freaky as hell. Nasty and aggressive one of my fantasies Gotta hedge. (in reference to the clothing item called a "romper")..."You should wear that bouncer...jumper...what is it? A bungalow?" - Working on The Wanderer took a ton of time. Catching up now. Just finished new 4th series. Will check out those 5's next! I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks? I'm in for drinks after. Dos Toros for a quick bite before? Oh good. More carpet shopping this week. I never knew carpet could stress me out like this. are you working on a new movie ? In the studio today recording a good ole drum cover of The Contortionist. Fun stuff. Yes, because he has other attributes in addition to his speed. This is a speed list, nothing more. are you?! I think if I go to NYC next weekend for my bday should throw me a bday party or at least give me a LOGO mug as a present remind me not to trick or treat there-i want candy not bones :D Martina McBride on the #stagecoach heat: I've got a feeling I'm going to look like Alice Cooper before the night is through. I'm in the shop tomorrow bro lol... That game exposed the weakness of the O and D lines and Ryan's inability to make plays out of the pocket. Wow the ending to season 6 of skins was beautiful depending on who cooking or depending on who you fucking. I think chicken better tho yes we open at 11. Am I actually going to meet the person who spawned you? I had an alarm set for the austream and everything, im not going to lie im upset. lmfao that's great that's great omg i love itt hahaha! and what did mr. bonehead corey do! Just counting down the days til California "BIG ANNOUNCEMENT" - YEAH. Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL. is rocking with dj'in get here! I Love You Guys ! You are Amazing ! <3 :) He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loved you. He got bored. He left. you are mean, haha...that is why I only take cabs to & from the airport, lol I'm hoping his guy brings me to sxsw I'd bug but pray for the best and let the wealth rain on us Then he would think ur the clingy type lol RT : I would so pass out if I met him. Or I'd hug him and not let go, lol. glad to have you follow me Sarah palin is also one of my favorite people. All I do is win win win, no matter what. morning Michael Working with a few of the Spokane Shock players today. www.retronaut.co = my favorite place on the Internet right now. doing some test syncing of tweets from Twitter to the course website.... create a Flickr group for members to submit photos Afraid to lie near the window. I don't want to see Elmira Gulch or any flying cows out there, much less meet members of the Lollipop Guild. I kinda like how she's on the down-low right now. I think she does, too. :D She'll be back with a hit. I cant decide whether to go to Temple for Although going to the gym would have been great, watching Gilmore girls was satisfying. :) #JustRemeberThat I will always be here for you no matter.. unless your a slut I'll go back on my other account - (: Who's watching Clips/Thunder? Excellent game! Who's ready for some ? did you mean that men fall in love with their cars? dear, lil wayne.. get your shit out of zumiez!! gesundheit! Bless u! Working on a presentation but lacking the inspiration for it. I need a lover. And a fighter. I need someone who will fight for our love. will you be that someone? New York :) You? Why aren't you following me babe? RT Submit, Write, rework monologue and exercise. That's today's morning/early afternoon agenda. Co-founder of Pinterest is saying they are redesigning their profile page, and that should roll out sometime this week We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public. she does this awkward thing with her hands, and told me I'd stayed up all night without even cleaning my room. Can't wait to be at the Double Door Inn THIS THURSDAY for Remy St. Claire CD release party! "Viva il Papa!" at Vatican City all day :) Bring on the dance moves Chris Brown... Love I'm Presbyterian and will be forgiven if wrong LOL Are you off of Lent yet? Extremely complex conference call podcast? Regardless, in. #fridayreads still please look after mom Yes he is ! Soo ? You're so racist :( I'll make him love you ! You two are officially going out now. I told him you said yes thanks dudes. Austin loves Olive Garden! Evertime he goes he get's the '5 Cheese Ziti' (: [same thing i always get(;] RT if you like Olive Garden <U+2665> no way either of them are really dudes HA! Great observation. Never thought of that but you're right. Don is soon to be lost. Very lost. But he's a fighter so... Bored out of my mind I'm not gay! >:( wish people would stop saying that. Only my family would have 9 cakes for dessert to chose from lmfao 2012 Tip: #Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value So it's no longer Tebow time. the same to you! :) Sounds like fun! :) what's that jeff hardy put on twitter I was in twitter jail so I sent it when I woke up Today is the day I dont have time to waster arguing over the computer or a phone.. waste of my finger strength ikr it takes more thought and energy to tell a damn lie smh I am not a morning person. It has taken me awhile to admit this because I used to be one. I am not one anymore. Good to know, I'll def. need to invest in a good set then :) not sure why people still think i give a shit Ah best news of the month. Arrived at the hospital to find out they are going to release Dad this evening! Just tell mom I miss her and that I said hello Did they have lemon Pledge? I guess the #orioles will be rained out tonight :( There's know I, Me or My in (Team) #BadJokeSunday Q: What do you call a crab with one giant claw? A: A fiddler crab. yes ma'am I'm the lucky dinner guest of tonight! Are you a fan? I know. Doesn't everyone. :D haha thanks girl;) <U+0001F37B><U+0001F389> Come on! what was that jury thinking?! so what if she had good behavior she killed her baby! BABY KILLER! Now I know who my real friends are. I make an effort and you blow me off? Whatever. Just watched #theriver. Creepy show. hahahaha, we got them lined up. Just wanted to give a shout out to the First Day of Spring!! Holla - can't wait for some warmer weather and spring flowers ;) Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both. What about your idol? Wow!!! Morning is SO early when you've been on vacation. hey guys, its pilar (: i havent been on alot, i've been busy. -.- but daniella has been on and now ill start getting on more too :D Thank you for the FF recommendation! :) How's my fav twitter yak? ===> I am now. I need a lot of help there. Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us. Stephen R. Covey if you see tweet say yeeee ;) Some girls always have to have a man I prefer to be single This is the most stressful part of the year. I only talk on the phone when its my parents or if it related to business. Otherwise its texting only! Clearly, I need to stop wearing such short skirts. Or is it the tube tops? ...The #Tebow report courtesy of Pro Football Talk for fun...you know we out here..beatin up bitches hahahah RT : If your wife wants to learn to drive, dont stand in her way. CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE I am a genius <U+263A> Does Your Muzik Sound Flat, Distorted, Thin.?? Need Analog Big Boy Sound @ Indie Rates? idk the name but it's from Maroon 5 D: I hate people who take the elevator to go up/down one freaking flight, stop being so damn lazy! Did CNN just say the only movie she's ever acted in was The Preacher's Wife?! no worries...maybe next time. It looks like you have good seats based on the pictures of the court. hey put up a facebook link...don’t know which one is real bro No one evet tweets me! Its somewhat official that we are doing a song with WONDER BROZ ! We are hopefully getting together today.! :)) - Zaona so far I'm digging it. Lots of opportunity here for me. Which is awesome. But I'm gonna miss home. If school weeks went as fast as spring break week then I would have graduated 10 years ago. playing the emerald coast songwriters festival so jealous! and people think guys are creepy... The babes at work so Im bord.... I guess i have to watch a movie...... or something...... Adventure Time is the best thing that has ever happened to the world. :3 I love everything about it! <3 And Jeremy Shada is just amazing We are #ripcity Come Blazers!!! Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte diggin grizzly bear's track "two weeks" ha! Don't hurt nobody out there lol true...plus waistline expansion. did I see you on fremont strEet yesterday? Do you have a facebook..? So weird tv Well man crushes are a lot more of an issue "Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep man.." Tried to crash #alamw11 but was turned away. Thanks for the follow. I grew up in Cincy! THE WALLS WILL OOSE GREEN SLIME Word RT : I like the idea of a garden too, but one that grows food you can eat PCV love food! Petrino, Best Buy CEO...sadly, few storylines are more predictable than powerful-man-in-questionable-relationship-with-female-subordinate if you do ill come RT : "There a guy, [Brandon] Hardin," said Bears special teams coordinator Dave Toub. "He jumped out at you on special teams." Why do i stummer when am talkn to girls.its so hard:'(. I want phill Jackson to do a documentary on coaching Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant TONIGHT at 6PM Mercury in Summer is playing at KYLLOPALOOZA in vienna VA. Come see our last show before our new music video comes out! Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot you get some sexy size 16 panties for me to bite off? She has guys waiting for her at her doorstep, but the only one ahe wants is you. I know right lmao you cute tho <U+0001F60A> Mr. Welsch he passed away on Mar.16 in an auto accident on Rte 20 in the Hancock area! dude they look like two straight lines. No shape at all. And prom is on Sat. and I'm doing my hair up. :'( Thanks for the follow-back, Carrie. I love your blog! 70% of morning exercisers stick with their workout routine long term. What type of class would motivate you to come in the morning? it's like Seattle drivers have never seen rain before my cell phone is gonna get me caught up Does beer & pot stickers count as carb loading last night for this big 5k I'm taking on this AM? We buy material objects to serve US We end up serving THEM! Every thing that enters your house has an ONGOING contract on your time! Beware! what the business is bro Couldn't sleep all night. Crazy dreams that's a lie! UK may have more talent, but who has more heart? lol its dragging along...but im surviving Wildlife on Campus Walk TODAY; meet at noon on west side of the Service Building (across Rte. 1 from Dairy). Led by specialist Kelvin Khoo. I didn't know there was such a day. Cool! And Happy Childfree Day to you, too! :-) re: give a man a fish: give a man sushi and make him really happy! Who wants Roseanne for President? Tell me! Getting ready to interview singer Al Jarreau for noon newscast. He's in concert Wed. night at Pantages in Mpls. After re-reading alot of my texts, I realized I'm a habitual lol-er. I think I need an #intervetion. Lol.... Following! Good luck! ": You've retweeted, but haven't followed me :(" never drank in high school. It's just outside Geneva so hoping to live there! It's good to catch up with an old friend! Over the river and through the woods. OK....this is what i need yall to do... Pat your head and rub your belly.... Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship. Watching Billy and Mandy. :) Glad you joined the Boston DH group Giuseppe! I look forward to meeting you in person. wow, congrats! S/O to for being der when i need her. And for being the truth ;) I agree with you guys should have your own reality show. Do you know how many views that what have??? If i had a certain amount of breaths i could use every week... Id probably be dead by now .. Waisting my breath on dumb ass ppl! So annoying ha ha lol bring them out next time! Please!! Eeekkkk what happened!! Just one day until our Annual Awards Luncheon. Certainly hope isn't getting nervous... What do tweens value most? If you are thinking honesty or self-acceptance think again. Occasionally conflicted by some well-intentioned outreach efforts; knowing that they're fighting the wrong dragons. Thank you for listening in on the #AMASocialVolt webcast today! Glad you liked it. haha yeah it's mine! 16 years of no cell phone & I finally got one when I turned 17.. My family sucks. Lol I was drugged, raped and then blackmailed into silence by a woman. I can assure you that is NOT taken seriously. nah im trying to get in something T-24hrs! A little Jimmy Buffett, some Bob Seager & The Who 2 get motivated this morning. Now if the sun would come out it would be gr8t! will the Hoyas wear white and pink Jordan's on Saturday for coaches vs cancer?? What Ih Do EveryDay ! Sitting in Baton Rouge Airport. Final destination: Turin. Too gain you gotta follow simple as that!! we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, I think you'll love it! Son, describing a "social" site: "After a while, I just didn't get the point." Pretty much sums it up. New spring truffle flavors are popping up. Come in and try lime curd, hazelnut, fig, Earl Grey or turtles. You could sign up, find a team, come down on Sat as long as you can (bring Z), go home and work remote, then back on Sun. :-) I really like the faster shipping options w Prime. Used that feature enough that it's paid for itself. Ryan Braun pleaded his case Thursday before a three-member panel that will decide the Brewers outfielder's fate clearly I wasnt late if I saw you throw it...and neither of those boys are more important than me or Gary Cahill coming off might just be the difference I this game, sadly enough u jacking Getting ready to go through security at the White House. Just handed over my id. Standing outside. It's freezing. Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:13am in Atlanta, GA it is 75 degrees. High: 88* Low: 63* New topic - Using Nikon lenses Back in the twitterverse after a few crazy months... hello my tweeps! Hello ATL. Last time we met, I enjoyed your company for way too long. Pub date is fall 2012. Glad you're excited! u would have been so much better for that joint!! pichilin isn't going to a effin bar. Pichi and Rudy are. Mad respect for the MLS fan. Although I hate Columbus (Michigan grad) Okay, instead of me talkin 2 "recruiters" I gotta speak 2 actual people of diff races doing what I may be interested in... LMFAO ANDY REID IS HERE Lisa Brissey Ellenberg, teacher, mentor, life long friend. Thank you for being an excellent educator! The Underdogs! Watched an amazing movie. Some classics will never go out of fashion. I'm celebrating the first day of fall by seeing at Humphrey's for the third year in a row. Oh yes... Yes, I saw it happen, unfortunately “: I just ate some blueberry cereal and it was delicious.” Rip Zack French im not sure which pisses me off more - people who regularly care about sports or people who only care about sports once a year. And life goes on.... I think so. What's your name? The gyps mobile got some new shoes Switched from shorts, flip flop, 85f sunny weather to suit & tie, and rain. Rude awakening! who's out with Shaw back? Stalberg or Morrison? MCON is coming together. Can't wait to start debuting speakers on Thursday Trying to channel my inner as I pick paint colors for the new condo. Happy birthday to Waukesha Tattoo's very own Jason Vogt, he is 27 today! I know, the teen sensation is getting old... One hour until the next movie > Time for the gym with Halftime 4A sectionals FRanklin Central 25, New Pal 21 Can someone go get falafels for me real quick there are various calculators that can tell you how many calories you burn, but the question is how many calories should you burn and failure was something that was invented just to keep us going. I so hope Rockin' Roots happens. If not there's always Warped Tour. BUT I WANNA MEET MY BBY Equally excited about snazzy new touch-screen digital signage in lobby AND addition of cheese sticks to cafeteria menu (!!) Reading the China Study by T. Colin Campbell. Mindblowing. Had fuku burger tonight and sin city wings last night. I love that there down on freemont st this weekend. to bad there not there every week Thank you all for the warm welcome! It is much appreciated. :) Watching Dante's Peak and nodding out. psssst. I'm at HCI all week. #100factsaboutme I usually like to poop in the morning while checking twitter :) Freedom and a day off. I see cooking and cleaning in my future. Don't talk to me. Don't talk to me. Don't talk to. *thinking* what did he do to u and analiese Is it distracting to have it w/you in class/all the time? Do you actually search/re-read your notes? Do you take notes on readings? lol. Wats up man! Where u been? DM me... did we just see you at Milwaukee airport? The park paid off again! Dude fucked me for over 20 min then blew a huge load in me. well, they already had interviews and hired a team, and they think they over-staffed. But I'll let you know if they didn't (: i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time Merry Christmas! Lets focus on the importance of this time of year&forget the trials that we have taken on. What will another year bring? ugh I'm all the way at jacksons have fun hitaaaa.. was it not really unsettling?? Hearing "What a Feeling" from Flashdance on #Glee reminds me that as a kid, I thought it was "take your pants off" not "take your passion" RT Here's to all the cules who are sitting worldwide, crying their eyes out over the most amazing coach ever. Got My MagaMillions tickets. half a billion. Good Vibes Are j.lo and pitbul trying to trick us with this #iwannadanceagain song? #MLB Just checked the American League Standings...Baltimore Orioles are 27 games back from the Yankees. And its just the halfway point. Up way too early just to go play a golf tournament. Smh at least i don't have to go to school today Paper Tiger TV's archive to be housed at NYU Bobst's Fales Center. Major win! Tebow as a jet I can handle Who first introduced you to Marukan Vinegar? (We'd like to thank them.) Ron Artest is a complete idiot. Night twitterworld. Off 2morrow so ill talk 2 yall when i wake up :-) Soco Amaretto Lime are your thoughts on Michael Brockers? And possibly to the Eagles? I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 56 New St. Vincent album. Excitement is inevitable! I can't believe I have to replace my hot water heater We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's #AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern! On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm. : Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act! Enjoy the beautiful day! RT : You're welcome! Your support is appreciated! lol uh nothinnnnnggggs wrong with it . I like your picture your hair is awesome :) Why are people giving Joe a hard time about predicting a Giants win?? You should have heard when he said SF is a city full of fudge-packers. Flynn signed with Seattle. what u geting on today Put random letters into their kids names. Aw man!!! Do it tomorrow! Lol. GOOD LUCK AMC (: Live, Love and Laugh :-) he doesn't care he want's to destroy the USA that's hes goal he hates the USA #pretty girl life Wish she was here ah. I grew up in Tucson, somehow ended up at ASU. Yeah--this Arpaio news just seems delicious. Klusoz tonight people :-) Watching the Office. It's kinda hilarious! Hello! So you're a director, huh? :) People always change BEAUTY TIP: eight great hours of sleep makes all the difference!! Thank You San Diego!!!!!!! Wow! VISUAL ACOUSTICS has been extended at the Landmark Ken. I tell u like ray j.. I'm wit the money team rite now! Post-its, pencil & paper. Why are these implements so effective in fostering crowd participation. It aint all digital I wish she would have listened to me <U+0001F612> Happy Monday San Diego! Wishing everyone a prosperous and fun week. lol let me know if u go get it or not lazy “: Not proud of this, but I always have to pick one person to hate to get through an exercise class” Good morning you Kings of Commerce, you Princes of Digital Content and Delivery. What fresh news are you laying on us this fine morning? Is skin color still a touchy subject for Blacks? E-mail me at and you could be featured in next week's paper. Dele Onabowu thanks for add! Keep in touch! RT : Tripoli residents receive text messages urging them to "go out into streets to eliminate agents with weapons", says resident Its your moment you can own it, its the American dream, You wanna be famous FAMOUS. WOW Coyotes !!! Wow, wow, wow! true. Never knew he heard NFL cases before reading that. you 2 are so on the money! I love my family, but I love them more with wine!! Happy Thanksgiving!! what doesn't kill you makes you stronger <U+0001F499><U+0001F44D><U+0001F4AA><U+0001F3B6> *giggle* I thought about calling it a crack stick but decided that was just asking for trouble. aw how sweet isn't unfair to fulfill your desire through your kids? they should be able to choose what they want to do with their lives... Or you could watch the band march through walmart! “: I got the position as a PC Support Specialist at Robert W. Baird Corporation!!!!” congrats bro! When i meet here in Chicago imma ask him to marry me.. with a ring pop! lol LOL! Alright. So addicting man. thank you for the work that you have done to you in the past decades Ahh...I live for the I just realized I'm essentially living on Mountain Time. YAYY IT'S THE WEEKEND!! Saturday Night Party!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST and YOUNGEST showgirls! Message me for a FREE LIMO PICK UP! That's shit crazy I think you're right, yes. I've never actually seen "rapeseed" oil on the shelf. How is the old country?????? "Psychologsts say a crush only lasts for 4 mnths wen last longer you are considered to be n love" guess science sais Im in love I love the Dallas Mavericks Chapel note: Rockefeller Chapel seats approximately 1,700. RT : How many people does Rockefeller seat? Pumped up kicks! I love that feeling when I find a couple of #dollars in pocket I forgot I had.... same here. has a classic simplicity ITNS will likely be talked about for a long time. Sound long term #penny stock. Blue Angels are buzzing the house. Rage to travel to Racine on Friday night to try and get their 6th win against the 2-5 Racine Gladiators yepp <U+2764> she's beautiful ! It will seem like 321 days. I love when the Lord clearly answers a prayer I specifically prayed months ago. He never forgets. I just want to do as much for her as she do for me.. Lmfao. Yo school is out of control. Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Work, work, work! Got to get this done!!! Taking a nap is a good way to refresh disrupted feelings. Apologies, I wasn't able to get home to grab my laptop. So thrilled that you're teaching the class, though! Say hi for me! Nice talk by Jobe #pas2012 showing chorioamnionitis reduced BPD in preterm and animal model better than workout and whine.. Perhaps at the end of May; plus really excited (: RT When will you start filming Bling Ring & r u excited? <3 Fuck you, I'm on board. RIP Dick Clark ....NYE won't be the same without ya <------- i got a new profile pic. its HENDRIX,princetons new little puppy. isnt he cute But if Greece exits the Eurozone, isn't that going to make everyone happy? ur so welcome sweetheart! We should all do something after the exam! He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him. You miss him, even though you know he will never care.” you never fail to impress! Thanks for the RT, Pat! :) I agree that Javascript has terrible warts, but I find prototypes & slots much simpler and more powerful than class/ivar you sometimes see me U cudnt beat me, even if I had on blindfolds. lol SOCCER!! My mailbox is empty. Dammit. I'm the kind of guy who is excited to get mail addressed to occupant. Good morning! How are you doing? Cars used in Wrap Cup Masters are *not* those that were towed for being illegally parked at the Convention Center. - awesome collaboration adam and tony. Great coaching! Thank you to all new followers! New to Twitter; thank u to & for all the support! U guys are awesome!! great photo! @ Romaine Virgo's CD release party at Crossroads killing some brown stew fish. Lawd ah cyaan tek it!!!! Just enjoyed coffee & #sportsbiz chat w/ IMG Consulting/Olympics guru & #NSMN Board Member Mike Murrey. Mr. Krabs: "Spongebob, that hat makes you look like a girl." Spongebob: *blushing* "Am I a pretty girl?" I am not immortal, but I am at lupo my nupo with I'm all sad cause my mom rearranged all my band tshirts, and now I am sure a lot of them are gone. cool! I wasn't aware there was an issue queue for this. will do :) antanarivo: capital de madagascar haven't used it, looks very similar to heroku ("platforms as a service") targeting PHP. You building something on it? I can't handle much more. Thank you! How's the little one? How old is she now? I gotta make it to 200 at least that is a very good list. I would mos def concur! A CAT has an IQ of 10. A LIBERAL has 11. Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX. It was an honor to work with you this week at ! You were a huge hit at #theweddingparty for Keep up the intensity, Brew Crew! Shop's open from Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door. Who the hell is Bon Iver ? Morning Twitter family...Enjoy your day! Ah shucks, thanks David. At the end of the day we hope people use the tool that works best for them. A tough question. Restrict access to competing reinforcers? Or making them contingent upon task completion? BARUCH HASHEM!! PLANE LANDS SAFELY!!! What a night at the Kettle. Big thanks to the fine folks from for joining us for a mass-bottling session. Enjoy the beer! Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without each other. Yeah, it did! I know. I don't get why they didn't pick it up. So just out of wondering is Instagram hard to use? katuska is that u Its raining all weekend in the 206 as well Really Solomon Wilcots, is Ryan Fitzpatrick that fearless... I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin, Wisefly Auto Glass comScore’s recently published statistics for online video viewing and video ad exposure in the Europe reveals the biggest growth lies in vi… I've heard similar ideas substantiated. In the end, the nap was merely satisfactory. Smoke another one brother!!! No strings attatched, then making a shout out video(: SOUND CHRONICLES IN FULL EFFECT!! when did he say that? thank you- any of them on Oahu? my head hurts. Kiss it to make it better? :(( I hate nikki minaj. With a passion. Wednesday -3/9/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!! RT : RT : The hotter the room, the better the orgasm. PR nightmare RT : The Miami Marlins announced today the suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for five games effective immediately. #ThingsIveRealized Saying you love me don't mean a thing, IM from the Show Me State. Well I did not go a day of college so not educated in the subject .And upset that he would kill himself for any reason . ok, I'm out of the loop here... What are Chicago's hunger games areas? Idk who this bitch is. But she's fucking with my sleep. And I will snatch her weave off. M...yes, please. Scott and the kids left early this morning for a half-day fishing excursion. Wonder what's for dinner tonight? Last pm was stuffed flounder. going to be late for work, can't stop listening to power ballads. Have fun - wish I could be there too! #dtc354 every time i read about "temporal" in regards to pervasive games I have to go back and reread what it means. what is it again? Nice one blake , you still a bitch tho “: My relationship is like an iPad. I don’t have an iPad.” Don't miss Dancing Earth at the National Hispanic Cultural Center tonight and tomorrow. Why yes, I will be playing. Am I good enough for my crush? Sometimes I like to pretend you guys are real. no problem, bryan! that's what's buddies are for! is going to teach Paul Robeson's "My Answer" (1949) as part of a job interview tomorrow. Should be a blast. #holyshit- how did u know In giving control, creating #leaders, most difficult thing is to resist our own instinct to take control. beating that is greatest I love that movie. wow my bitch, that cool.... this winter has just been way to long congrats dude, it's an awesome feeling. Holy shit, just nailed a hole in one on golden tee. Its april fools day crazy thing is I didn't even realize it Kickass dude. Congrats! i still rove once in awhile, but i like the idea of trying a more regular pattern then "who & when we want" *g* I'm a mac guy, but my client needs a free ftp client for windows. Any recommendations? Congrats to "The Bold & The Beautiful" for winning Outstanding Drama Series for their storyline about the homeless! Money is Nothing. How you Flip it is EVERYTHING. A passing baby just sneezed on my foot. Ba. We love it here at the office! Chilling in my room miss cali #CoachellaLive what the hell is Lauren Hill wearing? It's cuz we're constantly awesome. Who knew tomorrow is #NationalTempuraDay? Celebrate with free Stuffed Jalapenos at On the Border. Diet Schmiet That is hot! Back to back to back! To start the game! I know! Makes me mad. Doing my baby's hair <3 *Computer freezes.* Me: “WTF? NO!" *Starts clicking everywhere! It's too bad someone somewhere thinks Marilyn merits more "stage time" today than Ethel. Things are getting heated in the 'Ville. Extra police to be placed all over town. Is it Saturday yet?! when isn't he sexy seriously? So I was getting ready for bed, started brushing my teeth, then got on my laptop. Half hour later... I realize I'm still brushing my teeth. Happy Sunday Phunday!!! I can see ur starting the day off right!!! (as did I) take it lite, smile Let's try this again: #agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him thnx for the RT! I was just reading about your spring employee wellness programs via your blog - they sound great! Unfortunately some things have some out here in Fl that others haven't seen or heard about yet so it's really not the media's fault I ain't even tripping about working all Summer, I'm getting money nigga lol your dad Only divorced dads have black leather couches Thank you for sharing this. Everything is a remix is wonderful! So are the student films- but I wish they had credits. Been staring at laptop screen too much last few days & got painful eye strain today - now sat here looking like a high tech Ray Charles! yes but "Order My Steps" must also be in there... I got tears every time the Marching 100 would play that one... You already know. Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us. HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE! Oh ya, I can't read an analog book outside at night. no brightness or contrast controls! Oh heck no! You can't shoot Lisbon! NO. :P Thanks! Nice to meet you, too. I want to see what wemakepdx is all about! your wish is my command. Speedy Gonzales over here! haha thanks, lady! and congrats about ! RT : That #NCAA trophy is gonna look sweet at Ritter. #RITNEWS <<Go Tigers!! Way to go!! God can and God will. Looks like someone at Rockstar Games watched Domino one too many times. Still, game is aces. I've been eating like an animal over the past 48hrs. It's as if my body has gone berserk.This is what 15 months of will do Server down for maintenance for an hour today, sorry bout that folks :) is so adorable. Why can't guys at my school be like him and ? thanks so much! Tell your friends! "Pope Slams 'Deplorable' Church Sex Raids" Hey #Pope, how about you slam the 'Deplorable" sex acts that launched the raids. is my baby. mix is hot! You're so welcome. It was a great program. Thanks for the #FF's and overheard office joke of the day: " hey, its a leap day tomorrow" "we should have an office event, maybe a standing long jump contest" We make the road by walking when you get it, you gotta show me! I have a whack a mole issue, where if I start giving individual attn to 1 student, some others take it as license 2 misbehave You got it! #FF our supporters , ; they have been so encouraging! You're a idiot RT :If LBJ isn't the best in the world then who is?He could be the best 1, 2, 3, or 4 in the lgue if he wantd! New tour dates coming soon. Sit tight. EAST COAST w/ & Lakers are pissing me off for not using the Paint. They need to use the size. This is awesome. #nvgop #ronpaul2012 get the guests out. Count the delegates. Great idea, great recipe, great chef ! So proud to be your friend RT : Perfect ROASTED BIRD for Thanksgiving... You too have a good night Haha. Shoot your trash? i could probably get more pussy than most the guys that live in this town. Man summer can't come faster! Sun is out and we are ready. Are u ready for to open March 9th!?? I can't stop listening to the #Fun song #WeAreYoung. It's bordering on addiction. I blame thanks but no thanks are you a senior? get a straight perm!!:) Clutch 2 out 2 RBI single by to get the season started off right!!! I had too much Mahi Dudi last night!! Persian New Year food never tasted so good to me!! Laura on #WatchWhatHappens is talented. That's it. I'm checking into tickets for vegas. #youmightbeanautismparentif Just wanted to throw that out there and be real for a minute. Before we get into a relationship, show me the HOEfax! Have fun and enjoy!!! are you performing at this years Laughing Skull Comedy Festival? God day! So glad skools ovr #BlackParentsQuotes boy I'm will knock the black off yo azz if you lie to me again... I hate when people are rude...one should always be polite. It all boils down to access. Oh man. I have #PutItDown on repeat right now. You're going to break my iPod. Lol. Server is having issues - hosting company is working on it! Sorry! Some people and some things dont get a reply On MTV TR3S Great Memories! Coming to holiday nights at the winery tnight? Super Q BBQ truck is in the house! M Not yet. 2 drills in 3 weeks. One of these evenings we will, for sure! Sunnyside is a place of ruin, ruled by an evil bear that smells of strawberries All you have to do is click to learn how to make KILLER DEALS at BaltimoreREIA's Meal'N Deal Series- tiny.cc/meal-n-deal-series. I wrote some zombie stories, too. Those are free from my website. Everyone follow hes the realest! not before something happens to UNC...... You're thoughts on that situation? Off to Hamburg to play at Birdland Jazz Club with my group featuring the great Torsten goods on guitar, Phil Steen on bass and Peter... I tell everyone I'm very happy because I'm in love :) :$ <U+2665> RT : We is family bro! Love you guys! // Agree! Yeah I do love brunch! In theory I will be able to run 5K in two weeks. Please give an accurate account of the #rushlimbaugh scandal. Free speech is one thing. Promoting or downplaying hate is another. hey, check us out :] We are pretty amazing and new to vegas You need to bring your game to the brah! We need you over here in !You and all day! Are you here on some expedition, or a casual trip? you're talking about me right? Thx! Great to see U & Con as well...We need a nite out! what time do you normally post online full show? i thought it was around 9pm eastern same day? congratulations! I'm following you and paying attention!! Congrats to Stacy Fuller, Western Region Art Museum Educator of the year. #ArmLegLegArmHead Peace to the Gods & the Earths. Get your math on. haha I love it! Wait it's Friday and Oakland is quiet? Should Mitt Romney speak out about Mormonism? Experts vary We made our way up to the attic. The water was rising too quick. I was able to close the door down. And I held the door down with a stick... Raven Tools, just found out about this, super Awesome! #UCDA don't put all your eggs in the facebook basket Ah!! I want some shout outs -_- we have to add to the crew.Remember when we were all in the hospital together,having Ryder,Jett &Gabe ;) thanks for following “: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone? Why don't you get the black one? It runs faster.” So interesting. Also, I love that a robot just tweeted it... i believe they do this discretely with their mobil device There's still time to get tickets to Sat and Sun (Oct. 1 and 2) dance performance by Alban Elved Dance Co. For tickets, www.secca.org I love this video. I still can't remember the name of that guitar. Our Pleasure! “: Thanks for the follow! Definitely need to make a #twittervation to check out your restaurant!” Mindless behavior has been surpassd by 1d! Oh 2 bad There's only one way to cope with 5 days of rainy, gray, flooding streets: So. Much. Coffee. En route to latte oh I am, on some level here check out my recent sets on <U+2665> some include special Celebrities! your handwriting looks like you drawing a picture of a monkey in a tree with some coconuts Sorry... I know how I feel when things catch up to me so I hope your day/week gets better... :| #Browns fans out there - happy with the trade to #3 and Trent Richardson? Why do humans have to wash their hair every day but dogs hair get touched all day and they rarely get washed? #deepthought <U+0001F436><U+0001F487><U+0001F486> hey jenn i love you! your videos are amazing! Are You who You were a year ago? Money is merely a tool that is to be used to accomplish the greater purposes God has for our lives. You're such a cool friend. Since the imperfect game? "low effort thinking" That one. You might want a second career in satire is full of it. Anothr great day without tobacco....yet I get to keep on smoking. Seems odd when you think about it, but I dont question it. Please make a few exceptions. :-) Still so very bummed about the cancelled Adele show last night. I sure hope the rescheduled show is on a day I can attend :( Off to bed now. Just bought #RamonPerez' graphic novel adaptation of #JimHenson's "Tale of Sand". Such a beautiful book!! I'm surprised. And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters. i would love to know what percentage of twitter dms are not auto-generated spam. i am guessing less than 1%. poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!" need to come to Chicago !! If you let me, here’s what I’ll do..I’ll take care of you Tim Duncan has 11 points. Stephen Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 each off the bench. The Spurs lead the Jazz 50-42 at halftime. Its not her birthday party :) she was at a 2nd birthday party..sorry. Thanks for contacting us! In Love we find a wider world, a more complete embrace, a new horizon. Thanks for following I saw giant eagle get go had it free today...for your air needs in the future. My calf's are on firreee from bouncing all night I miss Jessica. :( If you are heading up to Seattle the Sleeping Bulldog Bed and Breakfast is now on board offering a great discount to our members! Welcome! We see you, Barack. Great work on that piece. I enjoyed it. the onion AV club has called border states: thoughtful as it is powerful do you agree? pick up a copy of Remaindermen's fantastic record Mulva/Junior Mint episode is on TBS right now. SBX Drive for Charity awards $1K scholarship to Mater Dei Catholic High School senior tonight. funny in a good way I hope. 112 days until the #NFL regular season home opener game! Gerald McRaney? you have issues ;) As it turns out, wanting to be good at chess and knowing the rules of chess are two different things. i dont want it Eventful day! Experienced my first earthquake (ha) and first used car salesman, haha. #TheReasoniWillSucceed im so humble and my music passes a message I dont mind her saying that but then she will pull a Mic out of her purse and drop it in front of me.... Chris Gardner was amazing!Its about everyone that had a dream and never quit. ": wat up" WHAT'S UP BRUH WATCHING NFL NETWORK LOVE THIS CHANNEL Coaching best practices? Active listening, positive behavior reinforcement and use of open-ended questions. (T&D 2/2012, Bersin report) I thought it said last night that next week is the series finale. When does Kville air? Hahaha! Just saw a sagging pants gangsta lose his pants on the mall escalator. i just want to take a shower and go to bed. i feel horrible. I'm disappointed that Time didn't interview Lysa & Robin Arryn for the piece. Nice win for the Hoosier's today!!! One week until super bowl, Lisa has a honey do list and no golf. Can anyone same Home Depot!!!! your welcome and I hope you had a great birthday No way I can second guess AJ. Ask for nothing less than inspiration. Onion rings are here! That new Pepe Bradock, imbroglios part 1. This is what's hot en los barrios! Judge Emmett say he views Harris County as its people, an organism of 4 million diverse citizens All of our server and website issues are resolved. If you continue to have issues, please let us know. I'm gonna bat! #woo lmfao...i'm gonna fail at the same time :P And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations. - Matthew 24:14 Well, party doesn't start until 8, I'll get down there around 7:30, so I guess you'll still be there and I'll meet you there? thanks, I haven't seen it yet! Bitches fucks ur crew & not u, Hoes fucks u & ur crew, WOMEN fuck U & ONLY U!!! How many 1 of those you know???? Sorry guys, I need to finish this book. Shutting off my phone. I know something about pages. what do you need? Not good to hear - sorry meal didn't meet our standards. Thxs 4 giving us another go & let us know when you'll be in again! okay I'll text you lol Thank you Eric! Welcome to the Patriots and our Crazy Fans....Mr. Mallet...#justsayin and Good call me or I'll call you All 3 are scary but Suggs is younger How does one know if they won or not? Do u text back or do u post it on Twitter? Love is a leap - I was never inspired to jump. why should giselle hang with the other wives she is not a groupie she makes way more money then brady does THANKJ YOU for the #Shindig Love! Kewl. Can't wait to hear! :D A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia Huge hug for from the President. Finally succumbing to illness. With Lee Hazlewood on the stereo. Who is going to see the movie, "Grease," at the Historic Turner Ballroom Feb. 11? Popcorn and beer will be served! Stop by the #Dell #NAAMBA booth today if you are interested in a career w/ Dell Set going to S. America- the hemisphere is covered with us! Good day at #WCAF looking forward to a little R&R out on the town in we'll skype very soon. Is 11 too late? I think it might.. Thank you for the free cake at tonight's game! Going to the Q&A with Barbara Stripling at 5p and then to the Data Center! Justin, DM your address and I will get your package out. Tell me what products and colors you like and we will send. sure...they are from the book. You almost might want to read the piece in the book on SM policy. If you could go anywhere as a #travel #physical #therapist, what city would you choose? HEB's Central Market. Tom just got me a birthday cake from them last week. It was excellent! "For a business to survive and thrive, 100 percent of all the systems must be functioning and accountable. For example: An airplane is a... "Nothing's a failure - if you've got 30 people really engaged, you've got something." #learn - Ive officially been a #Dallas resident for 1yr now and still need to use my GPS!! it may be 420 BUT we like the number 620. That's how many individual performance are in I have no clue. I just awkwardly laugh...that's what I've done all day ! Lol. :D Interesting demographic. I suspect the gov't involvement (i.e. tax restructure) & distribution is the big factor in BC. Same! My brother and I can't stop watching it. :) It's so addictive! -Ok...lol...oops, I forgot, I gotta work. Lol Had a nice dinner with my lovely wife and very close friends at The Cannery in Sun Prairie. Now watching the Brewers go for 4 in a row. If im not followin you back hit me wit a mention so i can follow you. I don't wanna fuck any man bad enough to use the same toothbrush. Never. you've been there twice hahaha. Ah, well I'm really upset so I had to go dance it off. Wobegon.... WHERE ARE YOU??? Downtown LA Law commercial coming to a station near you. “: “: : how is the sexiest couple in Miami??”>> Very Sexy! Just carb loaded with a ton of pasta pre-race! Omg about to be blown over today! Just saw some sort of pheasants that hash tag can be interpreted as something else! I read it incorrectly the first time. ;) Excellent!! We definitely have some exciting things in store & can't wait to be there!!! a friend just recommended your book. Looking forward to reading it. watching footloose makes me want to learn how to dance....specifically country line dancing Can you take me back where I came from? great job there! Perfect presentation. Playing a private event in Decatur Thanks. Arrived at the conference around 3 p.m. yesterday. Hope you've had a good conference so far. yes. I am really excited to move forward! Great alumni meet n greet last night #LSU Foundation at #W hotel Chancellor Martin n many #LSUtigers visit L.A. If like the taste of charred smokey burned up wood, instead of finding a burned out house to nibble on drink Scotch from Islay (Ardbeg) yuk The coke bit was an uncorroborated rumor I read on gawker earlier today. Not sure if it's been substantiated or not. Nclr: "since when is it suspect to speak another language" I fall way too fast. That's my problem. Stuck listening to a band from fordona ? Where us Fordona ??? Congratulations to Josh Hamilton on an incredible 4 HR game has new and beautiful products at #hdexpo.the summer is here, take advantage and find awesome products at their booth (4436) ": Is "Qualls" Latin for "sucks balls"? #Phillies" Correct Thanks! I grabbed this! 'guest' shouldn't have a password, right? hrmph. Why do ppl think im in the illuminati lol that shit is just silly .. (hope that fooled them) lol Ur welcome sweetie Pretty cool: 1 in 8 couples married in the US met through social media Finally NBA playoffs are here. LET'S GO HEAT!!! A disturbing scene involving a ginger skank birthing a shadow creature reaffirms my "no kids...ever" beliefs... But they r so young..oh..so so young..I think back..I did the same shit...how can I force them to not desire these things. I'll be back soon!!! :D fresh price Another home run. You guys are amazing! We love what you do! What does it mean that I think these chicks on Disney Channel shows my kid watches (Jessie and Good Luck Charlie) are hot? The chicks from thanks for the shoutout, even if it was via ;) please say that's counting weekends! BEAUTIFUL!! as always! Check Out Bino C Street Single "Eat The Cake Anna Mae" »Press Play« Thanx!! why not? You have enough time to train for it. RT : I seriously go to school and do absolutely nothing every day Dude I wish I had those! I'm talking about the cheap ones. An ear bud just sank deeper than the Mariana Trench in my ear! Uggh promises to be great fun! Thank you! Aw know its twitter time ...... Too many damn commercials maan! Never let the things you want.. Make you forget the things you already have. Choose from one of the many Phoenix AZ homes for sale and you will be steps away from a great education I used to have a motorcycle license, many years ago. When it was a lot simpler. Are you going to commute w it? Be safe. wanna see one of my drawings? i swear it didin't come from the internet it came from my room and my sisters paper lol The hubs bought a new motorcycle yesterday. Translation: I am now sick and fucking tired of hearing about motorcycles. Fort wayne news: there was a fire blazin on green street -__- The future depends on what we do in the present. - Mahatma Gandhi I got you, what's your booking email bro? So messed up, I want you here. In my room, I want you, here. Now we're gonna be face-to-face and I'll lay right down in my favorite place. Bad bitches only She was just as great LIVE! Her tabata bootcamp kicked my butt! Not getting my hopes up, but trying to stay positive. Just an amazing night last night, we will have a few pics up later today from our friends at Phoenix Productions! What Is Our World Coming To First Kony Now That Nigga Who Killed Trayvon What's Next..Adults Selling Their Kids For Drug ? Acronym?! Eponym! Ten times as awesome as they exclude the uninitiated ten times as well: even expanded, they give no clue. U shouldnt assume there will be neg reaction to techy innov by staff/customers. Try and see, you WILL be surprised if this s ur thot When Life gives you lemons , Go chuck them at haters. great event tonight! I feel empowered! Thanks for getting us all together in the same place. Can't wait for next time! Can't sleep... It's a punk move when people are serious and try to cover it up with jk. NOO..say what you mean and mean what you say. No, haven't seen anything since I've moved abroad. Did you enjoy War Horse? Hope all is well with the 2 little ones. is boarding the USS Cod, a WWII submarine. Me: Babe I'm going to have my tonsils removed. Him: does that mean my dick will go deeper? #reallife conversation. Thanks for your participation Matt! Let us know if you have any questions. Needs my hair did I'm having such a great weekend!! Hello all send me some emails Great game Pens! Big win! Last time I order "#LemonChicken' from my local #Chinese rest...apparently I was ordering #friedchicken with a tangy #cornsyrup reduction. Just wrapped up a meeting with Tara and Peter over at Renfield Productions at The Lot in West Hollywood. They are just down home nice folks! None of those are relevant to this discussion. Larger debate on their coverage is fine but not here or on this story. cry over cuts and stitches. not sluts and bitches. thanks, not so bad yourself. There us a thunder storm in my tummy. Who has the best kitchen, Bree, Gaby, Lynnette or Susan? This just in: perfect Sayaka is perfect, sky is blue, grass is green. Good enough to get their, great enough to stay No score in the third. Score still North Texas 2, FIU 0. The death of Osama baseball edition: George W. Bush with the win, Obama with the save. Bill Haley, "Rock Around the Clock" -- 45 rpm vinyl. Don't remember what was on the flip side. REALLY!? Three Snow White movies in the first half of a year....fucking ridiculous I may be a Nice guy who cares about life school and video games But I'm not weak minded alright Females really do push me too my limits! : have you read Highway Robbery its bosh's fault for being a sissy Something simple: fuck that Did you see our dog getting blueberry facial from ? RT : Loving it!! he stole home, hence making it one of the dumbest HBP ever. good thing the Phils scored more run or it would have been dumb good riddance Viqeens to Los Angeles hello Rams Okay, seriously? We should bottle that aroma (and use it as a weapon) ... LOL ... my teacher gives us work that she never tought!! Straight up elbow on alfredson so what is yo name Looking for a KML file or a Shapefile? The dataset is pretty big, so it's taking a while for our system to generate the file. have you worked with us yet? Would love to connect! Ix-nay on Morey A. I hear they're picking up a new Jinx Falkenberg program instead. opens in LA, NY & Austin today. It serves as proof that needs to be cast in more films! Even though Spencer said to acquire links from PDFs, I don't think it's worth the effort. HTML is easier. Hehehe... just take up the slack. hear hear The always fab Sina Soul is in our Black Diamond Lounge tonight. Please join us! 6:30p-9:30p It's Fat Tuesday! Be careful tonight, drive safe! Cyril you absolute ripper!! Someone explain this to me tomorrow... RT : ke$ha is outside the library in 5 min. be there, get glitter cannon'd No event is too small for us to cater. Holla at us soon to get on our schedule. Never say sex. sex RVP is that dude. Soccer on Fox will only work if they show games of this magnitude. No one wants to see QPR v. Rovers. Left my charger at your house , my phone is currently dead too !!!! :( Please grab it and put it in your car ! thanks 4 the years of support! Hope to see you @ the album release show in May! Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt Is awesome!!! Check her out guys!! :) #childhoodtv not my thing. As a child I listened to pink floyd and re-wrote 5th century literature without using vowels. Justin doesn't tweet dumb shit, I'm proud of him. No worries... Packers got this.... The time is now The New Year is already starting out to be pretty interesting. More soon. I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore. but yea Some people have no filter... no im just stupid I've said that at least once a week since starting diet change. oh no it's some bullshit, love you too! Cant sleep..... who's up? sure:) x completing an artwork site u started out of trouble lady night? Cause u be cursing people out and clowning, lol hey every1 I am over tweet limit again :( Yeah it was fun, encouraged by the large crowd Europe holds its breath as France heads to the polls (News) Finally got my inspection sticker. Some loose wiring was making the engine light go on and off. In Chicago. Getting food and then resting up. Big week ahead & looking forward to it. Don't give up on us because of one bad experience, please. Chicago has more to offer than what was presented to you that night. My my my. Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction. IMO, if the Bush tax cuts go it will hurt really bad, but we can't keep spending at current levels with these tax cuts. i Love your voice <3 =) Don't push me because I know you won't like it when I start cussing at you. Thanks and happy Friday! because I found out about them a month or so ago, told Rene to check them out and he didn't like them cause he's a scene kid! For solid music I am so happy that i am on my way to success! #Hannan to #LPR2011 - if the #US government ignores the heritage of how the USA was birthed, you will have a shift in power to the exec. Can we start a music revolution!?! Who the hell has Sanyo? haha (: as long as you do the same looking forward to catching up this year! Westminster Jazz will be hosting The Redd Brothers and Friends tomorrow night from 6-9PM! $5 cover and food! Also, had a half gallon of oj delivered. Ya miss that ? Dinner tonight: country fried steak, mashed potatoes, country gravy, and green salad. “: when did you start dancing??” 4 years ago. :) #FounderShowcase states Romney seems a better executor of ideas than Obama oh well its fine and thats fun Thursday, per usual: Wing Nites at Coney, Ironwood and Culpeppers. Bodacious B plays the Brown, DJs at Coney and Boomies... "Be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.” Why do people from my school have twitters.. Like no you're all idiots gtfo only I can because I'm perfect same its been a minute mam how you been of course we can :D you teach us something new everyday. thank you cher. I'm in CT too! It's about time we got snow! thinking of the migrant farm worker, toiling to put food on my table, demonized as illegal for doing the holiest of works, We slandering Heat Fans right now lol RT : #HeatExcuses RT : Where all the L.A fans Yeah , try being more like me! Sure your grades will suffer & you might have to pay a few fines, but I have fun! True. It's nice to have someone around for accountability. Hello? Is this thing on? Thanks! Anybody on your team interested? DM #ScottTheMerchGuy if yes :) I'm with you there "I know you cute, but its a lot of cute people running around here doing nothing"-Miss Robbie Happy birthday to the best girlfriend in the world. I love you so much <3 Man I aint neva seen a whole bunch of broke stank ass nigga until I touched in duval county lol cryin bout payin a dub to party LAME Got a #PhilLesh signed poster on ebay today... I was on the only bidder! It was a poster on my "want" list too... so excited for tomorrow Good morning (: Mario Chalmers is trending. you just might. Can't take anything away from #Giants they played very well. #patriots were a few pitch and catches away from a #SB46 victory I'm okay with Lexie dying since my dream marriage on Grey's is Mark/Arizona/Callie. It could work. I doubt the company will reimburse me for unauthorized charges, though.. that's so powerful and so true! I love lamp. #5. Pistachio Ice Cream: Only successful ice cream with the syllable 'Piss' attached. Usually that doesn't work. Pistachio proves us wrong. How do you advertise? Television and the Internet are the two most successful ways, websites with video hold attention 6 times longer. FACT <3 Mariano: "Put it down. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going down like this. God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back." You - I was watching 's Flog on and saw her Fave Five your work with LFG! Got that work flow starting tomorrow #we <U+0001F601> Good morning! The sun hangs in the sky and it's warm again :-) i think its okay to break passover for pizza that my professor ordered for the class. hes da cutest If your child is interested in playing #volleyball, check out the fall rec league at www.midatlanticvolleyball.com USB headset and ustream is about as simple as it gets. HeartMob: flash mobs for volunteers. What a great idea! Angie - go to the 9th floor for Keurig! RT : has Starbucks coffee in the break room! Jealous? Or what happens just because you're in Bethesda. Yes, Thank you. Text me back! LOL! #WeAllHaveTried not to look when a person's bum is showing coz they're jeans are too low. House of Delegates planning Saturday session. 2012 is coming!! I remember 2007 when I started high school. RT : RT : First step in a crisis: Acknowledge that there is one... #smss12 (enlightening!) I just cried. Omg. I love it and i love uu!!!! Justinn Photoshop, perhaps? did he really just kiss my forehead? my plans for being in a bad mood all day just ended. dammit. Problem: running out of books. Many of them are int he public domain hahaha no, it's not the medicine. I'm just being a pest. :P ! I know you're busy but one more chance to answer or "Sneakers" as a preInternet computer heist flick. Machine presence way > mysterious than grl w/ dragon tattoo research scenes. Yeah! I won an audiobook from 's 12 Days of Giveaways! Not enough cookies tho gettin the keys in about 30min, but moving most of my stuff in on Monday...so pumped! i would say YES of course and then hopefully we would be together for a long time :) Thanks, Britt! I can't play wit ya'll no more...nite nite! Lol At family #thanksgiving. Just found out my great-grandfather was a socialist. Explains a lot. needs to happen!!! Hi Jason -- I wrote a Pinterest post last month for Would love to connect with you at #BWENY! Wicked Wednesday's Elevated Lounge. Happiest of happy hours with delcious drinks specials & tasty tapas. DJ Mike T. & DJ Hump spinnin would be very interesting to see. only question would be about lighting and such a dark turf would be hot as shit. Conversation and phone number deleted :] just held my breath for 5 seconds Kurt I hope your well shut up ha I have a bankers box with just shellacking supplies. Maybe I'll make furniture Had a guest propose to his girlfriend during the show last night. It was a special moment and the audience loved it. “It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” <U+2015> J.K. Rowling What up besides hating straggs bitches?? kinda already am. Just gotta figure out how to get paid... Nikki - thanks for the retweet. Means a lot to us. Good show. There R NBA players that when they get old, they coast, R out of shape, play without energy, complain, whine...not the Big 3; too much pride 1ST MTG OF THE SEMESTER: jan 31 (tuesday) at 8pm in Monroe 114. see you there! m pigs feet dip in hot spices Letters To Young Rationalists - Sunday Leader We only have about 100 #ButterCowBandanna s left! Don't miss out once they're gone...they're gone! did you get my other tweet? Or just the one that said hopeless cause there was more Can't wait to get my hands on iBooks Author. Very cool thing coming from Apple. my professors always joke about that. that is FUCKING HOT!! well, i don't feel like talking to anyone else. So no. Not a resort. REALLY EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE love you!:D do u kno who tht is ?? PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME! :)) Coworker: You'll believe I'm bipolar soon. Me: I already do. Coworker: Hahaha! That's not funny. Case in point. Sorry but mwPGamer already won... however I will be posting more trivia today! One can often learn something new every day just by being a librarian. Investigate anything interesting? These day's friends should be chosen wisely.....you have choosie friends who act like choosie lovers. yeah girl I understand.! I'll be sorry to finish reading your memoir it's beautiful and wise. Working from home is infinitely more satisfying than having to go in somewhere is live! follow for the latest on New Orleans. re-tweeter to launch Oct 5! Hope has a good first day at Cheviot <U+0001F60A><U+2600><U+0001F4DD> Some of my neighbor's garbage fell onto my balcony, including an empty bottle of methadone. But at least he's a *recovering* heroine addict I consider myself incredibly lucky because I have found some of the best parts of humanity where I least expected. <U+2665> Can't stop listening to (: I love just kiss me, older but my favorite <3 seemed to touch everyone. Most people were trying to hold tears back. Thanks for bringing it! Campaign to Microchip Pets Before Wildfire Season shar.es/009RC <--Super idea! It's inexpensive & painless and could be a lifesaver. Jet Ski with Starter issue. I hope a new battery help. on my way! Thank you. Looking forward to seeing you again soon as well. We'll have to dance again. would like to sulk into a game of Diablo 3 but its still installing... That moment when you're done unpacking for the day and realize you don't know how to change your new shower from tub to shower... Comporium Media Services Offers Mobile, Web, Print and Cable TV Advertising Yes indeed! wants a nap with my boyfriend.. Which is more hilarious? That some seek to associate OWS w estab Ds. Or that people are stupid enough that it might work. please tell me that the #superbowlnorv hashtag is satirical. Conversely, always order your drinks from a guy with a mustache. Bay Area treasure, John Santos, allowed me to reprint his article titled, What is Latin Jazz?, at www.misterlatinjazz.com Id sure like to but i dont think i can RT : you gonna be at the spring game? So I just found out that I missed Stickaid by 4 days. Man am I intelligent '___' Who is ready for the big things coming from soon?!?! : "apps for new content. Quick ebooks for backlist." Just had a meeting about this, still hoping 4 something in between! RT : Acupuncture is gaining new and respect among hospitals & docs. Learn why this Chinese medicine really works:... I love it when an obese TV personality has to interview someone who is on their show to promote a healthy lifestyle. I'm just not a morning person, maybe I'm just not eating the right meal in the morning, I'll have to get on that! I know what you're looking at and so does Jesus. Lol #OETC12 If you are not in the MASH lab, You are not using Technology! Come upstairs! "YOUR NOT #WINNING UNLESS U CAN WIN WHEN NO 1's LOOKING" History is written by the victors. Winston Churchill tweetgrid never works right for me, i think bc i use a netbook, doesnt show up right on the screen :( Ridiculous overturn of the TD. Dont be sad so many people love and care about you "well, I keep trying to die but they won't let me" "well, you can't have everything" shut up lol getting all slippy yet its right in the morning.can i pull thru the day,i wonder Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property. Danny, think a good idea. Done in Asia. Someone on bike/scooter comes to ur car & drives car/u home. Very popular. Thank you for following. are u serious?? The metro service down there is wack? : Fundraising should be at the center of thinking, not programming, because it's what funds the programs. In case people want to change, they will. If they do not want to, it's difficult to make them do so. Joel Anthony is so offensively challenged ! If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. -Dan Quayle No, just thought it was a cool picture. if Apple would just sign you,,they would deff be the 1st #TRILLION $$$ company..U R that captivating & TITilating Gold bullions in smallest units can make you free from cares, independent and free. Not going to #PrayForLewisMighty but wish the young man the courage and fortitude I would wish for myself. I made it in 3.5 hrs despite the fury of the elements! Thanks for your concern & let's keep in touch This weekend! I miss you so much cutie!! <U+0001F618> Awesome! Agree. Fun to follow careers of these great guys. Say Wat U Mean N Mean Wat U Say My first stab at homemade tzatziki sauce has ended in total failure :( who doesn't know how to run bases? What a sad farewell to the Metrodome... Before you troll, may want to invest in a good proxy or VPN service. Wandered into a normal people bar. Remembering why I'm punk. Design-wise, has the political campaign yard sign evolved at all during the past 50 years? Back to chilly weather, come in for some beer cheese soup to keep you warm! It's just a shame to let you walk away. In a fit of I'm-not-sure-what, I cancelled my long-delayed Nikon d800 pre-order and ordered a Fuji XPro-1 instead. no problem :) My b-day is in 15 days yay. <U+2665><U+263A> Me too.. I've been craving Yogurt on the Rocks for days now. I'm finally doing it tonight! Get it WET. Join us 8pm Friday,May 18. Neon Venus Theatre. Hilarious stand-up comics...Candace Brown,Matt Geiler,Nahreen Tarzi, Anthony Perez Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb Just saw #KillTheIrishman -- bad***... Now about to watch #AlanJacobson has a new short story #FatalTwist available today on Amazon and Barnes&Noble! Get it while it's hot! Wow, will be praying for you!! Had a friend this happened to many years ago. We will be closed Monday 8/15 & Tuesday 8/16 for our yearly maintenance. See everyone on Wednesday! at any show in this town of late. Sad. Happy New Year! Oh my gosh some people are so stupid He's definitely been a good moderator so far. Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)6 I have the worst headache ugh yeah buddy Just another month til I hear that voice. Calling All Wizards fans: One day until our pre - game party!! Come join us to cheer on the WIzards as they take on the Philadelphia Union! Sounds good.... Thanks for the follow! Am I your first follower?? So far very interesting. I like that it's told in the first person, but I have a feeling this narrator is unreliable :) lol chill but why you mad ? “:My Latin temper blows up pretty fast, but it goes down just as fast. Maybe that's why you seldom hear of ulcers in Latin Amer time to find that pot o gold while the leprauchan is drinking lol Gophers back at practice after Gary Tinsley tragedy - Minnesota Daily jst got done making some cake. Wht yu watching? There will be a game 5! Knicks beat the heat! you got it!!!! Rock on! It's a nice Sunday so I think I'ma go outside fa a while Um - don't know. I can I guess. good question. I don't know but if you find out, let me know. I hope is still accepting junior designer #resumes! #NP "Never Stop", Brand New Heavies ..that was that heat. *~if we get da permission slips for cedar point tellz tiffani to bring me mines.."if" we get them.if we dnt dnt tell her~* he finally is!!! RT : thanks for the advice, ive revoked any access so hopefully that should do the trick :) | yw :) Hey! I can't DM u back unless u are following us :) Tonight, tonight: performing at the Enlighten in Ballard (Seattle). Show starts at 8. Excited to be the official magazine sponsor of - Looking forward to the partnership! Whoa. MT : Protesters in Oakland attacked & "dismantled" news truck from our TV station CBS5. Crew OK but truck stripped! Baby I'm the best so you can't do better We just created a new photo : It didn't happen to me, silly! Happened to a DC hockey player on TV. You know I'm not sporty. ;) Oh shoot, I work Thursday evenings Would you like to win a 1hr professional #Tarot reading with unique virtual reading room and online Tarot deck? Watch this space! : The weekend is almost here. Rejuvenate yourself with an #AvedaHerbal #BodyWrap. It is sure to help you unwind for the weekend.... Are there any weekend afternoon or weekday evening open pickup soccer games happening in Baltimore? 'It always rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun.' They order cheap thing in order to make more money. Hahaha i know!!! Everyone go follow so we can get him to 45k I'm with your friend on that one. Check email first. #thevoice christina is so tacky for ignoring during his tribute performance. on her phone she shows her respect for him..... Thanks so much for the eggplant fries endorsement, sir. uh oh, not the finger Lol, a trail of J-Potter's social media bread crumbs led us straight to you! do you carry the film? If you'd like to let me know. Congrats on the 40K!! Why are the "Yellow Pages" like Nursing Homes? OK I am POSITIVE I AM A JINX lol I hope you & Elham have so much fun in Hawaii!! Strength is a matter of the made-up mind. -John Beecher ok. I'll let you know when he txts back! What if you promise you are sorry and you won't do it again? RT Woo ski swap got me some boots :D / #score! RT DaMarcus Ganaway earning praise for his routes. Big WR with a Burress type build. we got em next season , go bulls Can't wait for the big news to be audience-ready! On the 8th day, God created M&Ms. I'm just sayin'. A little karaoke before work... I HATE When People Say They Are Random.. Seriously STFU.. tonite w/ sum lovely ladies spinning timeless music all night long... Do you love Bryce? its my birthday in 8 minutes :D <3 Ryan Braun wow dude! Power display going on at Petco Park. who knows, anything is possible :) she does have 14,000 YT subs, even if half vote daily, that's 7,000 votes! it's the last austream of 2011, ARE YOU GUYS READY? (: Sounds like someone scamming for a free book instead of putting $$ down at the bookstore... Sure, as soon as it clears approval for the Apple app store, we'll be doing a blog post abt it & prob a small public event. i love the mountains of tennessee Thanks so much to everyone who came out to play #assassin last night !! Which is good cuz I don't like crap phones. Ha! Why is this flight so full? Who chooses to fly to DC...mid-week...on a red eye? RT : Putting Wines That Rock to the test with << hope you both had fun w/ those wines! Did Rachel finally make it to work today. .. is the question? ?? Hm....:-) :-) She'll ask someone in the room for a pastry. Good luck! Wednesday March 7th. To tank top or not to tank top? Did the agenda 4 the monthly meeting w/ Library/Archives, Education, Research, Publications, International, and Grants departments Apply your heart to instructions and your ears to words of knowledge. -Proverbs 2:12 Promise You'll Never Let Me Go < 3 Any chance of revamping your offical website soon? I got the PS3 version ;D I know right ! Haha Jk but yeah I was screaming pretty loud lol Amen RT: Henry Ford started out with nothing & a dream. Now all the jobs are over seas where people like u sent them who? Me or ur kids? text me! hope it's longer than 15 seconds. not funny. what a random thing to ask... What was it before? lol haha not at all I enjoyed it :) #mybigfatgypsy christmas = ridiculous! I AM NOT!!! And I will argue the point with more dignity when I return from this, um, nothing. This nothing. Man is the only animal whose desires increase as they are fed the only animal that is never satisfied. Get Inked, Or Die Naked! I WILL finish this collection management resource project! Just occurred to me: I wonder how many followers think my avatar is computer generated. Mr. Brown, My softball coach for VNGSA, and John are definately some of the only guys I know that aren't idiots. Gang Star :) & coming up next Water main malfunction on garnet..thank god we just washed the bleach out of my hair at the salon! 8 minutes till it goes down!!! Not only am I doing neat research. I've also found my favorite sport to watch. And it is cricket. Thanks #culturalexchange ! Aim Hi 4 Change, autism film camp in association with Joey Travolta has now joined the Divine Graphix Network. Divine Purpose at its Finest! Nice! Looks have some new reading material. Thank you! Bored. Maybe I might go visit W. in a minute I'm getting my braces on the 15th. I'm scared. RED<U+2764>. Best segue ever - love your tweets Conceal Carry Wisconsin law, businesses that post signs to ban weapons are not protected from liability, if a shooting occurs inside place. Smh was looking forward to something today that's not gonna happen #disappointed !! Amused that gmail flagged a doodle4google email as spam... Great! Looking forward to seeing Daydreaming about having a play date with at the Boston aquarium. Really, I'm doing my taxes in San Francisco. <Sigh> Braves aren't lookin' real good 2 Legendary Talents and Sex Symbols!!! #LOVE YOU FREE!! NY fed web site - mortgage delinquencies by county. 90+ days delinquent is the shadow inventory. 98% of those folks will be foreclosed on. YESS! we can if you come home sort of soon, because it's almost 11 here and I am very tired from my weekend! we need a picture of matt with cody AND jared. Watching Celebration of Gospel!! solid tweet hahahahaha Taking a break on drums and moving on to tracking some guitar today... photos and more soon. Birthed that thing thru pain & travail! Had NO IDEA what I was doing. Ear to the Father & lots of encouragement from make that lunch time! I suppose we will have a snack in a bit too huh! nice bud, I can't wait to get out of that fucking place lmfao Good morning New York City! shucks...thank YOU! Y do it have to rain today but o well still going to enjoy my day Aside from Fig Newtons - btw, they're dropping the Fig, go fig - I only eat figs wrapped in bacon. I felt I had to share. Cause he asked you out!? It was super duper funny! Tyler:Okay this is a serious..*Starts laughing* Will YOU go out with me Pacheco fire update now on-line at www.nmfireinfo.com. Fire now at 3000 acres. via best music to workout to Happy Weekend! Are you a Fan of Evanced on Facebook yet? facebook.com/evancedsolutions. :) bro thats rough. i personally hate that im so hot my wooden house burns down. yep. What I should do is quit my job and offer to help with *anything* he needs. Even taking out the trash. your a really good singer!! Follow back please.<3 <U+0001F601> Gimme a good first tune! good luck...just know time waits on no one lol saw my baby daddy bcl friday night , saw my bestfriend mgj yesterday , saw my bro djb lastnight , thss weekend been GREAT !. RT HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!!!! It's an honor to be your quarterback Book club last night LOVED Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter by Tom Franklin. Timelier than ever. Lively discussion. You shouldn't treat someone like crap due to their sexual orientation! SMH! You know you've had to many energy drinks when you physical can't sit still . RT : I live in NC &see this as a giant step backwards. I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING yes! we are the worst haha Dream Man! It is so cool you are on Twitter.I have been a fan since they usd to show wrestling mon-fri before that channel was HSN Performing live tonite at club amenage the mic will be blazin u n detroit come out I don't have any favourite song of her. I love them all, and I love her remixes. Yours? It's GIVEAWAY NIGHT at Susan Nichole Handbags! Make sure you're entered all three ways by checking out... fb.me/185isi4h8 tank u, tankah u lol love ya! Clement Stone~ Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive Looking for love in all the wrong places? Find your perfect match at Mingle with Our Mutts tomorrow at the new Franklin County Dog... I'm listening to an archived web-based workshop on the Ethics of Collection Development. Haven't been on here in FOREVER! Feels good to be back! At SeaWorld <U+0001F433> shooting a commercial! Good times :) A happy marriage is not a vaccine against infidelity. thank you Lois Lane btw ha how does it feel to be a superhero? You know, Mr , you probably don't do your "no war on women" argument favors by referring to a female writer as an "authorette" you have great personality and i love your singing! :) folow pls? People who always gotta bring they faith in irrelevant ass shit IDGAF that's you believe what you believe and keep it to you The hand-drying device in this restaurant bathroom is called a "Jet Towel" - two words you don't often see together. thanks for the RT! My grades are bad, because I think about you the whole time. does anyone have uglier URLs than you? just found a new client stream: people who need their LinkedIn profiles written. Got one contract already. I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone. If there is no struggle, there is no progress -Frederick Douglass Also, in 1995, Toy Story, the first fully computer animated film was released. Last day of no #coffee. See y'all on the dark side. RT : Hooray, the sun's back out after morning showers in Honolulu. Waikiki surf 1-2 ft w/occasional waist-high sets. Get wet! I agree with the outrage re Trayvon, but what about all of the other black males killed every day in our country? SWEET! There's a Dogg Haus by UWM now! Aye thar Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, my brothers gonna be ballin online wit me? File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N) aint nobody better its just a word with definition Can somebody PLEASE explain to me WHY Tf I'm here! #honestly I don't know why! congrats. is promotion in the air? I got some hot clothing coming soon. "That music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning,/ yet long untaught I did not hear..." ~ Walt Whitman I like cold.... I could listen to the song rolling stone-the weeknd over & over and still not get tired of it <U+2764> Where are the parents in all these children's lives? Real talk sometimes i feel like walking around with a name tag that says "Let me solve your MarCom problems" What is your favorite comfort food? Tired of frustrating/boring stories about the end of the #mnleg session? Watch my story at 6, it's unlike anything else you'll see. I'm convinced that 80%+ of California drivers don't know what to do at a flashing red light. Do you think it's Frank Martin? What happened with Gregg Marshall? Inquiring minds want to know! Ugh, I hope not.... RT : is black lipliner making a comeback or something. geez..... Super excited to work with and today to help our DC community contribute to Wikipedia! Ash played on the roof top at Center on Halstead! So cool! Farewell, Kat! We will miss you! Thank you~ Hi Reid, like to discus how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived. Follow 2 DM? Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press Happy 1st day of spring! Although from where I'm sitting, it's kind of hard to tell. The people on the flight to #Seattle look like extras from getting ready to drop another single people! get ready! I know :( its so sad. Today's BTU inspiration: "Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." ~Frank Tyger maybe they are - the candy corn is purportedly made in usa, though. Have you ever had one of those "devine intervention" moments? A car just cut me off on 85 & I lost control of my car. Glad nobody was hurt. Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart (width of soda can). All new cribs must meet this standard. Yes! Nice catch. I saw someone say earlier "some people need to just crawl in a hole and rot to be honest" ...i think i agree...ha The world is full of abundance, but far too many people expect little and as a result they get little. ~Ben Sweetland How is the world doing!!! Been training up all day. Its one those days you come home and wanna hit the bed but you know theres other shiz to be done. ROUND 4. Trick! One hour left are you going to make it? Scenes from the Michael Flohr Show at Shaffer Fine Art August 7&8 2010. Thank you all for coming! We all had a fabulous time!! Just started downloading my copy. I feel like a kid again, except I don't have to change discs this time. Red Gatorade on a 75 dollar white polo???? EHHHHH WHY NOT S/o to the nigga out there chopping his check up four ways but only got one kid by the bitch,keep up the bum work Does that include "how do I use Twitter"? LeBron James has really stepped up his acting for the playoffs. Tremendous energy to be able to flail on every play. BP with $$8BILLION Profit this year. slipping on a business card too funny!! ooohh who's number is this? Is it yours? So sad but but so so true. Watching Basketball Wives ! Someone's been updating my ex on my life.. Fuck you! Thanks Valerie Sachs for the wine glasses! (FB) No wait today! 1 pm lunch though, missed the rush. Currently surviving the morning traffic on I-69. A little change of pace on a Friday morning. Thanks for the ride, ! Thanks so much for voting for me everyone! I love LOVE that I'm still on the show and am having the time of my life! THANKS! how good is it? please settle a debate between me and my girl how tall are you? The NEWS = Negative Energy We Sell. Don't buy it. There are many more Positive things happening in this World than Negative. I saw Brandon Spikes' acting debut. Too much nudity. The Great Stroller Genie is here to grant you 3 stroller wishes, what are they? i miss you to :[ i never play anymore its so sad im so terrible lol bellys too big i have to give her all my attention! Come on, North Carolina. We're better than this =( 2 weeks in and loving it! Pittsburgh has a lot of construction needs and we aim to please! Happy Birthday #iPod! Sour d got me on anouther existent Watching Bridesmaids it's so hilarious YPOQ Elevate The Youth Benefit Mixer/Cash Giveaway - Tomorrow @ Polar Lounge - 201 E 24th St NYC - RSVP at The one YOU will need to drive up to. : ) Elmhurst CRC. Don't let the southsiders tell you otherwise. It's the best. That awkward moment when you can’t stop laughing while telling a joke and when you are finally done, your friends doesn’t even get it. Happy birthday, beautiful! Read articles by Temple, Chantal , , John Elder Robison, Lucy Jane Miller & the creators of PECs-in MAY #AADigest ! Heard about the Renoysa Border O my Does this mean the us border isnt safe to travel to ?? I have a shoot there soon ekks In a world filled with blame, it is comforting to our customers to be secured by an alarm company who takes responsibility. Shoulda just stayed ;) My internet crashed. Fuck Verizon. Dedication and perseverance to play the game over and over again until the project ends Happy Memorial Day Everyone :) Foreign Film - Tonight at 7:30pm we will be showing "GOODBYE LENIN" (Germany 2003). One of my all-time faves! Oakley, Welch, Gregg & Donnelly had them fired-up last night - Well Done! - JDG Thanks for saying hi to me and the girls before the show in Hershey. It was nice to meet you. The show was awesome! that is so very kind of you. Thank you dude I know, let's do it again soon! The only person missing was... Anthony! Everyone follow our other venture - Real G's Entertainment and if you're not already following Follow up now! that's funny, and true. It's actually interesting to observe. choosing the people for the fanfic at 10pm. The new Liquid site is launching in May! Stay Tuned! I love Skillet a fucking lot. In Actu => In practice true energy and connection as we all strive to find meaning in what we do but most important in who we are. My question is... would the Palestinians move if you gave them enough loot... It would be Worth the investment... Thanks to for the tour yesterday! Also superfun MIAP Alumni Girl Power session thinks that Lauren had her chance to go to Paris. She'll always be known as "the girl who didn't go to Paris." was great to meet you, too! waiting for the phone to ring. The Activist Archiving workshop should be great. Unfortunately, I won't be in Austin til the day after. Enjoy the #16mmfilm! Thank You:D! You're lucky you're outta high school (x ok cool i live on the otherside of the stadium we walk most of the time but have a parking spot a block south ***sigh*** too busy looking at #Saab on #SeeSaw. That's the breaking news in my life- empahsis on breaking. LOL:) A very diplomatic way to put it. Nice use of the public deliberation space to create inter-est. Fox news is doing a story on whether it is safe to be a #vegan in just a moment. Cc: I would head butt for Fage, but not so much Dannon. Revenue? Who needs actual revenue when someone i.e. FB wants to drop a billion $ on you? PS. Dear Google+, time 2 start shopping. Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend <U+0001F499> Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out. Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great. We will be on the roof of the Leavey center at Georgetown U between 10am-11am to look for the space shuttle Discovery traveling on jumbo jet #girlbyenotwiththem flowery slippers you got from the hair store( 2003) niggas who tweet about kobe being old and they know damn right he will bust they're favorite players ass I believe the word is soap. I have to stop buying shoes, just bought the same pair of shoes in different colors. Now that makes 20+ pairs of shoes that I have. God I hate my job! <U+E404><U+E113> “ Don't settle for anybody, just so u can have somebody” lol....yes! There's still some of us left :) should have never passed him the ball s/o to my new follower !!!! Hi new friends! Superbowl franchises aren't built in Free Agency, they're built in the draft- unless of course you sign Mario Williams!!! WHAT! Ah! oh hahaha my theory is that and mr. Potter have a little romance going on It's been 7 years since the #Os have been six games over .500 Just emailed you back in regards to a perk for for the new album that sounds lovely (: Now following: ! What's good? Mar 19,1942: Harvey diary: "When Defence Committee meets, it's endless talk from PM." were u been cuzzo i'm an affable kind of a slob! Hey found your stuff in front of our shop, tweet us or call 414-967-7344 let Steve do a solo!!! Sparkle like the gem you are #crystal ! Coordinated a ride. May end up camping. We'll see! Hit me up when you're enroute señor. just put linkin park on the radio, strong high school vibe. That's a good problem!!! Twitter: What's HANNIN?!?! i luv my followers thxs for getting 300 followers oh and I miss you! and were burning the midnight oil last night. Both launching very soon! #ALISE_org may also be interested SIG Women's issues it needs be sustained better out there -listings You mean like the 'nonpartisan' Verify the Recall. Where is your story on the GAB's analysis of VTR findings? It's official. Our house is going to be on the Ballard Historical Society's home tour. Time to get to work putting the finishing touches on If you can't figure out if a guy is gay or straight, just listen closely to how he says the word "bitch." RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :) #Braves win tonight, #Nuggets win game 3, #Celtics win game 3. I was just made aware I might not be able to watch #SKC tonight. FML. haha thank you ! #followmerebecca!! please i love your songs and your an insparation!! RT : Any pianists and singers out there want me to write an artsong based on a Nigerian scam letter for them?..want to write one. how r u sup bro hows it going? I love watching French films on YouTube. My favorite Juste une question d'amour That's RICE village. End transmission. way cool can't wait to check it out I'm taking Tupac's advice and keeping my head up. No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today. Never been in this court house (thank goodness). SMOKE UP JOHNNY! hahaha no i was so close! Verdict in trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, accused of manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death, to be read at 4 p.m. ET awee its ok, I feel the same way </3 WTF JUST HAPPEN....THIS A FLASH BACK OF MIAMI GAME FROM YESTERDAY WITH MARIO CHALMERS....SMDH!!! let's keep in mind that this was not a win to brag about. Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd? For sure! Love you! Any chance that you'll be singing something from RENT on Glee? Maybe even with Lea? Thanks so much. :-) ''Seesumbaagee votes for Seesumbaagee." --Seesumbaagee's assistant, "Pirates At World's End" Tonight, join us at 6pm at the Herring Run Branch of the to see the newest films from Spotting a rat in NY is like spotting a squirrel in LA. Im going 2 stop working hard 4 my money, Im going 2 have my money work hard 4 me!!! Finally got my presentation out of the way. I sucked but whateva I desperately need to get my hair done they probably just like us because we're really nice people! :D Let us take care of dinner this evening, come get a Grassfed Beef 'Spring Fling' or a Brown Butter Rabbit 'Easter Bunny'! Open 'til 8! thanks Miri - Rick When do they back it down? At 100-0? Going to see a screening of #ProjectX with yay! AMSN to Bring CNC Machining Services to Georgia to Promote U.S. ... Yikes, even better! RT every NIGHT 11-close at 3. $10 for 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow. Enjoy UniVillage! Will be here at least til 9. All the harm that 'ere I've done, alas it was to none but me. All Aztec fans believe. RT : “: So nervous I feel sick...” We Believe. Forgot to insert the coffee funnel this morning. Tastes just like normal coffee, only more exciting. Don't make me screen shot your texts from earlier. Thin ice boy I am just waking up from last night. Ugh, so many bad decisions. Hopefully it never goes away, I've been after it since I was 7 years old, now I'm going on 57. Thanks for the follow :) Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 2 preparing salads and rice dishes at home before your trip help cut down on prep time in the field.... A moment of silence please while I grieve my poor ol' FB pages.... Gloss rhymes with hair. You forgot to add "on the 11th"... - huge Pat Kiernan/NY 1 shout out today for that story! Have fun to everyone running LJHalf. Can't wait to cheer u all on and run w/ Team gonna represent! Now bout 2 hit the shower n get ready for my nieces swim party. Eat n party with the babies now. Drink n party with the grown folks later! not your fault hope u had. Good time. Did u tell the host who switched u already had a reservation but wanted to change? Phils squander a bases loaded no out opportunity but still lead 3-1 going to the bot. of the 7th. there's always the party in my pants... Katy Perry To Rock Billboard Music Awards! Since it's so cold outside did you bring your lunch today so you don't have to go out? Thanks for the follow. RT : My lucky 888th tweet! I'd like to dedicate it to the workers of #Guangdong who made my iPhone, television, shoes,... Your RT this to win link is broken :( but I really wanna RT and win! I just blinked Thanks Isaac, appreciate the kind words and excited about the addition! hahah yeah I bet! I did too though I was hunnnngyyy! Sir take a nap and get off twitter haha Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. You'll be fine! Just hug a pillow and you'll be good to go! The Onion writes itself. “: Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...” When guys take selfies <<< “: Nothing like a burger from Whisler's on a beautiful night in Springfield, MO. #IAMAWALKINGADVERT #SGF cc: ” YUM Ah, then go crazy. There is such a thing as too many strawberry shortcake popsicles and fudgsicles. Aww I'm sorry 2 hear u are sick, hope u feel better. My day it's going ok got a lotta work to complete. I'm from Nevada, but I live in Florida when do OTAs start and will the media have more access? #Squirrels4Good sounds like a scam, but it's worth a try. Thanks Craig! Gotta take this test for a honors diploma. pretty girl bag! gucci louie fendi i wear them cuz im pretty! #myotherfulltimejob When u find it, let me know! And one to manage sports practices wld b helpful 2! of course(: #OMB <U+2661> it's #heartbreak warfare I'm so funny! Finally about to order. Guy in front of me is getting hot chocolate too. yea he a old dog alright and he's about to put Durant ass to work Florida sends their christmas wished to you and the whole on one direction:') We can certainly make it happen here! :) Can the shock make some noise like the thunder this year??? My gigs should be secret?! MT : Do not post info to social media that makes you vulnerable, such as your schedule. Just got back from a great morning of wake surfing on Lake Austin. Off to a wedding a bit later today. OKC is handing the Lakers ass to them! I love it! Lights off, all kitchen Staff using headlamps, all mini LED's on full restaurant ! I love Ariana's sense of style. It's so unique and adorkable! With her bows, dressed and hair style…so flawless<U+2665> Gahh, you have to give me more notice! I would have loved to, but I'm booked tomorrow night. Next time fo sho! I'm afraid of blind people. I was fired for being "contentious" once. The funny thing is I can be hired for the same reason -- informed opinions are currency. i was just a pawn of something else nice! Do u have a sandwich that includes the meat,cheese etc but also has cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich? Pittsburgh style! wait, did that actually happen?? I did see the last ep of Mad Men RT : Some days are dreaming days. Dream beautiful dreams, & let those dreams spill like flowers into your world. ~ Omg !! #BoyzAreBack Can't wait till they perform and do their thing in stage ;) <U+0001F601> I agree and hope that happens. Neurocardiology shows the heart has much say in processing..not just the brain lol who was it Hey will u follow me back? kiss me then? LOL yeah, and i miss you too !! Good Ole Pastor A.C. Williams - "If you feeling Funny about Yo Money...KEEP IT! Listening to mariah carey about to fall to sleep. I love u mariah carey If you only offer a partial site feed, I am only partially interested in hearing what you have to say. Oh that makes sense.Lol PS WHY CANT I RETWEET YOU? no interview? It is pouring rain today in L.A. Heavy rain expected all week. been having RocStar moments hype as fuck that I'm going to the game tonight!! I swear they better not let this one slip away I hate that icecream trucks music #creepy Although I wish I had 2 bucks... for sure! we'd love to be there! 71 TIMES AND COUNTING!!!!! I WANNA TALK TO U!! Awesome!! RT : Hey Reading, PA! Come meat up with us at Weis on North 13th Street today from 12-5 & get a wiener whistle boyfriend video? ": since nothing in my life happens without Gods permission, what's needed for me to grow is located inside of every storm..." Downtown #Sandiego is slammed with pale fleshy nerds walking around with enormous #Comicon shopping bags. I want to leave, but feel I will need to be able to explain on how many ways Bill Gates is missing edu innovation Bullshit otherwise I'd be a size 14 or 15. Thanks so much for the retweets Sue! Headed to bed just gonna watch this game until.... Highlight of my year, spending 20 min with Stephen Wolfram, thank you We have built our family-owned business over the past 4 years by providing a complete range of cleaning services. Today is going to be the longest day of my life ok time to crash night all. Nope, it was in response to the "Evil Empire" (NYY) RT : sure Raider Nation is the undisputed "Nation" originator! is it Gyu? If it is it looks so delicious. welcome back! Have fun Mom! P.S. I love that you're on twitter ;-) Is ready for the Mayweather/Ortiz fight and hopes it's better than that ridiculous early stoppage in the Alvarez/Gomes fight. Summer kickball team name "My Couch Pulls Out, But I Don't" Can't wait for the season to start! can't wait to drink Baileys out of a shoe with tomorrow at KEXP! On the bus I'm shaking I never done this before but I couldn't miss in my city Denver 303. no room in my bungalow for you, but my schedule has big blocks to fill with PK time! Kentucky can suck it can you please send me a message ,tweet me,or retweet please..i beg you :/ <U+2665><U+2665> I'm a potato.. don't do it fam. You make that double in a year. But it doesn't just to for extra gwap.. hm “: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that! Thank you for folliowing Suburban Cowboys! Hahhaa... Well I'm glad I could help:) "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” <U+2015> Audrey Hepburn Winter's Bone... powerful movie, devastating to watch, but great performances... esp. Jennifer Lawrence Maybe he's just so comfortable with you that he needs a reminder that you're a WOMAN! Dress up real cute and remind him.lol homeless when the" BIG QUACK "comes! Like my plan for "Camp Freedom, on the corner of 16th and 7th and Hubbell "If you aren't a city where people want to live, you're not a city where businesses want to invest." -Mayor of Chattanooga 8k run around the beautiful Capitol building. No supplies collected. great news. I've thought about applying for an ISGI fellowship from time to time. I confuse and Brad Pitt all the time but Cee Lo is lots hotter! ok it's next fri Starts at 7 here by my house. Team has to split $100. Then is $15 all you an drink. You both in? sounds good, that is what i'm trying to do is get the word out. Got over 2000 followers which is pretty good i think. He's leaving <U+E413><U+E403> man before or after? Advil then bro lolol I just love that song. Watching the matrix with the family(: It's been an absolute pleasure! Nice of you to comment. yeah, dad has already butt dialed me like 4 times Have you tried working with this file in a new User account? That is what I would suggest. I knew it was only a matter of time for a Flacco hate tweet from Phil It's time to SHOUT! I'm mad AT hell (with righteous indignation) & I'm not going to take it anymore! I'm going to do something about it! yo can i get the cardiak drum kit? how are you woman How was Easter!?? absolutely nothing! I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your drink on. Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it. Facebook fail: I cannot list TheWife as my "wife" or "partner(female)" with the official "Family" tool. Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown not a big fan of an enticing link, then asked for email. Wondering what to eat for lunch?! i have no idea. you? Headed to school :/ i guess it's not that bad :) I'm intrigued: RT : If Ginny were just "shy" or "awkward" the story wouldnt work. She wasnt going to just "get over it" did you get in on google+? any invites to offer? I guess Rihanna being Gay Now, Trying Something New Chris Brown won't get anymore Cake!, Cake!, Cake!, Cake! Cake! Tell me how you like it! Still continuing the conversation. good morning I have you on the 30th. My numbers for the tourney are 1 for the winning teams and 6 for the losing teams. You play fantasy, Mr. Harris? It's a joy to watch you all guide the Muse so smoothly & stylishly. Anyway ... I wonder wat Tati's doing :) um next time i post something wrong about sports on twitter and u dont text me immediately im tickeling u to death!!!! haha i seen that this morning! nope..not untill july..lol only a couple months! lol when does Cathedral of Learning do Festival of Lights? Why isn't it friday A little bit naughty is a lil bit nice. Feeling bad has never felt this good It's been a while but I'm back from New Zealand - and caught up on email (mostly). I loved NZ! Beautiful country... MBV all day, also a total misrepresentation of the music i make, but still so good Thank you for the RT. Have a great day. If I was ur boyfriend ill never let u go so give me a chance <3<3 justin bieber boyfriend :-) RT PUSSY DON'T MAKE IT CONTEMPORARY thanks for that imagery! You should be! haha Oh how I miss there buttered muffins... “ you're a dumb bitch if you take relationship advice from your single friends...or undercover dummies for that matter lol” Thank you internet for showing me how to fix my lawn mower. I did miss the Chinese Appam, but now eating w eyes! More photos!! Class needs to be over oh I'm that case the beard and harden about to get it You'd think that's true, but Patricia Heaton is the counterfactual. My tumblr app wants me to download the tumblr app. :x well okay. Homeless friend says "have a good day on purpose." haha that an awesome jersey It's Friday, I aint got no job and i aint got shit to do Nice idea yet I don't think that will work. :$ I'm all for open bartering!! Deeds are eternal not the flesh!! uhh, i might tomorrow, but i'm kinda nervouss. I have to talk to my mom and probs the school.:\ i'm just a mess right now. Its Friday.. I need some SUN. Its been cloudy all week here in the City... P/U/S/H/ Everyone have a god weekend Seattle, Washington is in celebration mode. We got this “ Time to depart Trinidad. Thank you for your amazing hospitality. Carnival was an absolutely amazing experience” yea.. yea.. i took a few deep breaths.. im ok now =") omg i need to let this out but i have FILLION FEVER T.G.I.F lol stop being cranky and get better already :P Grocery shopping having some technical difficulties at the moment! oh ok. Here its the opposite it's not going to matter because MU is going to win the Petite12 by 2 halves. If I were to get Lasik, then I'd get the best treatment possible, but Im not really into lasering my eyes. Digital Dead End TODAY at 4:30. See you there! That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there I REALLY LOVE YOU I CANT BELIEVE THAT YOU FOLLOW ME I KNOW IT WAS A LONG TIME BUT WOW IT REALLY MAKES ME :) I LOVE YOU CODY! <3 Gunning’s Seafood Restaurant 7304 Parkway Drive Hanover,Maryland 21076 Just off 295 and 100 you can find Hot Steamed Crabs. Come Enjoy! Happy #TTOT to you too. I am home now sitting on twitter, RELAXED. yeah it was horrible. But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back I just got back last night! Let's hang ASAP, I miss you's :) "THIS is what I do!" we called and it was no wait. We got here and it was 45. Put our names in and it's been 90. What gives? No school, instead ill be in bed with a raging headache. Oh I guess when I see "vs." i think of an actual competition. They do delcare a winner, which I don't think is fair. Rebecca Black has been trending for like, 2 weeks. This has to be a Twitter world record or something... go big, gl today! followed you on x factor. My best friend loves you. Please say hi to her. Her name is Laura I don't really have many of those. I usually start over each year :l hah. Oh well Turnt at level two.... RT : Ideas and resources are flying. So much energy. Happy Friday everyone! Interested in low expense/high results coaching. Starting new coaching groups soon on authentic living. Contact me for info Oh man Larry. Sitting on pins and needles over here. players going down left n right. Bibby's gotta save us. thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London! xo apparently likes to ask 7 questions at once...and MJD is nailing each one... we can try it Watching Billboards,Great performance ! ^_^ <3' your girlfriend is so lucky!!!! Oh legal and social media. This is gonna be good... - just got a compliment on both Goedhart & DLD Syrahs. "best labels ever" For you, for me, come crash into me baby. Any have any good follower recommendations for me? Looking to follow some new people. 20 odd yrs later and i'm still listening to George Best and Seamonsters. Educating my Wisconsin family on Yorkshire music! Where the hell is my mom anyway... ._. in denial :-) looking for best specials just for you! nice! Whats the record time? My daughter had 1 cavity & they filled it n, she said they told her she can eat candy now,lol!!! I kno they didn't say that not the dentist Thanks for the #FF! Coming to the Stage Fri. & Sat.- WAILIN' MAILMAN BUCK HILL W/ BOB BUTTA, NASAR ABADEY,CHENEY THOMAS. Tickets Now On Sale. www.TwinsJazz.com #sdp2p keynote Lisa Nichols: “This is where the beginning is for someone.” Category 4-B Winner is Mark Leshock Upgrade your poker set for the new year!! up to 75% poker chip sets, tables, cards, and accessories! www.eproducts4less.biz Yay Teen Tech Trends! Going to pretend I'm a teen librarian for the afternoon! RT : I'm looking forward to supporting Susan G. Komen for a Cure this Friday night at Crave downtowns' event.... keep up and follow the homie yes I did for world. A good start? How so? good imma pass :) I feel like I used to be significantly funnier in my younger years. know the feeling...you think you have time to get the mindset of teaching then you all of a sudden have to jump in. Good Luck! Sadly what I remember most clearly abt the LA riots: most of the 9th grade used them as an excuse to cut class and "protest" outside Do ppl still wear Afro's......1972 Once again I will take #OWS seriously when they give back and publicly ostracize any/all support fr Communist & Nazi parties of USA Today is stupid. Oh boo...My sweet Honey BooBoo Child...I WAS NOT CALLING YOU A DOUCHE! lol Its so full filling when a client is genuinely satisfied with your service and will recommend you to her colleagues. Thank you Gay Carroll. This is an emotional generation RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a "happening" than simply being audience. followed c: Allergies are makin my eyes tear! like nutso! I love you summer but I hate you pollen! Heyy i just met you and this is Crazy but here's my number so Call Me, Maybe? Finished studying(: Hope I do good on this test tomorrow! Pray for me <3 Goodnight guys! i also can't wear eye makeup for a week, so i'm pretty excited about my life right about now. not. Gotta love & her crazy tweets Staying home again! Getting serpents shadow today!!!!!;) very cool. will let her know “: 11:11 #makeawish” don't tell me what to do! maybe you were adopted and don't know chinese :D Mark your calendars for Friday March 2nd at belle isle . Details real real soon . #IADMIT that I'm very cocky & conceited On twitter? Need more followers R.I.P to the beautiful Fun presenting Thrilled to win the Spotlight award! Gr8 way to celebrate the 1st anniversary of transitioning from Fluent to Fiksu. Panama can't come soon enough! <U+2600><U+0001F459><U+0001F37A><U+0001F334> stop being a pussy. No one likes a quitter. In the words of the great actor Judd Nelson "smoke up Johnny" diving rod - he's looking for water. :) Its all about taking care of one another; be kind to each other<U+0001F60A><U+0001F49C> Haha. I know I'm not a whore so I'm not offended. Hello, Melissa. Thanks for your RT. We appreciate it! I feel like having an adventure. I wonder if there is a Camp Crystal Lake somewhere that hasn't changed it's name. Great show by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman today! Thank you again ! Can't wait to read, and admire, Why We Broke Up. "If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairytales." The one and only Dr. Suess. I'm probably gonna do #organic grass fed beef twice a week & Salmon, fruits & veggies for a majority of my meals. Shocked and saddened to hear about Japan's 8.9 earthquake. Donate $10 to the Red Cross to help by texting 90999. That's it and u've helped! Come on in sometime and I'll make sure we get you a deal. Just remind me that you're the 100th! Thanks MAN! "Perhaps time's definition of coal is the diamond." - Kahlil Gibran. i'm ready.! RT: im so anxious and excited for Tour and the dates ant even out yet.. lmao but yeah, I'm thinking at the 4 spot. Scola would probably be sent. i'm glad they didn't have twitter during the depression because all the thweets would be so depressing, be like, i have no money The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is world’s largest spectator sporting facility, w/ more than 250,000 permanent seats. No way!!! What are you doing today/tonight?! Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99178; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 70% SHORT ONE-LINER: Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion. #ERL12 Go for being the top tweeter/twitterer(?)! Almost 5pm? How did that happen? Not that I'm complaining... You guys been in touch w Deb A? Once again a ref feels the need to decide the game himself. about to go ride my bike wit my mommy for a lil while!!! oh yummy that smoothie sounds fantastic I have a love-hate relationship with beer. I love it but I don't hate it. No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh. TY all <U+2665> I will Tweet When it starts getting bad an let u all know! 60% of the time, it works...every time Go Cavs!!! Way to go on another great win!!! those are so good!! But I will say the Lions are abt one good draft class away from begin a scary team in the NFC. I'm all ears doing some rosetta stone before going to sleep tonight :) ...tomorrow gonna be a great day! Mowed grass right before the rain hit. RT : “: "Whoever gossips with you, will gossip of you." ~ Oscar Wilde” So true 1940s museums started going into the commhnuty to schools, libraries, military barracks. #Adventure of the day: Parasailing 500 ft. over the Pacific in Marina Del Rey. With my dad as he knocks an item off his bucket list. not feeling to well :/ Coming with ribbon! Today 1922: Sleet storm that hit central Wisconsin covered everything under 2 inches of ice. hi sweets! How are you, you feeling better? I've missed you. xx make sure you tell Lloyd to see it, lol Ugh missed the train. Beat it up like Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. -Pat Riley Telling someone "you have good skin" is also a nice way of letting them know they don't have much else going for them RT : Fun Fact: South Africa is the second largest exporter of fruit in the world Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 15 I'm always enjoying #FULLCOURTLIFE wish it was an hour. By the way date was better. Sorry La. lol. happy birthday/valentines day love!! presentations this Friday night! play ball this your big bro# Thanks! Would love to have you demo Clarification: fuck Mac miller. He's straight trash Hiking The High Line « Stories My Suitcase Could Tell Sure, we can talk about it. How are you? To folks tweeting #CBIadhere, thanks from one not able to make it this year. , , etc. I'm really gonna try to work in the Aaron Rodgers touchdown dance into my workday today. You should too. Actually, folks loved Arizona long before A/C (although admittedly on a smaller scale). Are you looking for an #apartment close to Dinkytown? Look no further, Thomas Place if just what you need! 612-703-RENT The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells. realizations can hit you like a ton of bricks... Water for Elephants - skip the movie, read the book. $1 oysters today at Elate, 111 W. Huron! Great date spot, try some local, organic fair and creative drinks!! Let's talk; changing culture is hard. Would you like to Skype? Perhaps a google+ hangout? Do tow trucks fall under you or MPD? good just the usual snapping necks and cashing checks... getting ready for this season! How have you been Ms.Shaybutta? So long NYC, see you again soon! Ready for these 4 weeks to be over so I can sleep in my bed!! But it is great to get back to things! Being fearless doesn't mean you have no fears, if just means you are strong enough to face then. Am I only the #mom awake and on Twitter? Strangest feed ever this mothers day morning. Hmm, well who's bringin me a latte? Spring Cleaning my dwelling on a rainy Friday night! no I did! I was asking if you agreed that it was fantastic haha do u hate me? I oovooed with for like 30 seconds then he said he has to move on to the next set of people. Lol I Passed 7k Tweets And I Didnt Even Notice! Oh Well! p: Hope you feel better soon! (: #isupportthat, especially if plays as Arsenal What is this Metta World Peace business I keep seeing all over here & FB? well technically two cause the third one is mine along with the charger and battery packs so naw bitch lol is that a police siren going off? RT : FREE SAUNA with any facial today. Must mention deal upon booking. 1901 N. Halsted. Call 312-255-1590 for appointments! Okay, so I just watched Nikki Minaj's performance, exorcism, or whatever it was from last night. What the...? With the exception of twice in all of US history, the running mate has been a white guy. Probably boring, too. Happy birthday Forrest,Matt,an Rihanna. The one-eyed man in king among the blind. wow..you can't even speak in spanish right Jim Rohn: Happiness is not by chance, but by choice I'm just a high ass negro. Me & can u plez follow me :) "Bitch I'm MC hammer.. I'm about cream" BOSS! RT : NY STATE OF MIND... LET'S GET CREAM !!!! When you've hated someone for so long you forget why you hated them in the first place. ppl commenting on DeadWeather-CHILL. If it was that whack, write yr own rev and get a major media outlet to publish it Email from university reminded me many students want Good Friday off. Wasn't planning on it, but Good Friday falls on my birthday. Good thing we put up our screen windows yesterday so i can open up all the windows and blast my music #summer :) If you haven't had the opportunity to check out the new Actor's Intensive website, please visit us @ www.actorsintensive.com Best birthday yet!! I'm so grateful to be blessed with so many people who truly care for me, thank you everyone for all the love! "she just a friend" girlfriend:"does she know that?" If you breathe on Lebron you might get ejected. Give him credit for taking advantage of it haha. Inner Harbor artificial wetlands project aims to draw more crabs Is it bad that I think my bed is more comfortable at school than it is at home? Nope, it makes you an even better one. Good luck with the search! Sadly, Boston feels a bit more like Seattle this week. True Blood time! ughh I've been trying to go to hurricane harbor all summer no one will go w me Sorry for your loss. Always tough to lose a pet. At least she's not suffering anymore. I'm actually free this week so I'm down if you guys are where did you see these? Must try! Romeo miller on the cover of brave magazine!!! Just point the microphones in any direction. It's fine. Whatever. Really ??? You really dont mind waiting in line?? Get tickets before arriving at the Denver Golf Expo Feb 10-12. TicketsWest @ King Soopers Smalltime Breakfast Game-Changer: Sandwich a McGriddle between 2 hashbrowns and/or pancakes. Drizzle syrup as necessary. me too. (butting in). "Did you get probed by the rod?" Follow to see #marchmadness brackets from and more Ausgang featuring Hongs and Jazzilla at the Electric Pickle tonite. New wed weekly STRUT! DJ GRACE JONES two sets .. SOULTRAIN SADDNESS : ( I thought that was the geico guy. RT YES & HUGS to all. : To #FearlessFriends and in loving memory , who taught me how Had to cancel service today!! Damn generator!! See you back on the streets tomorrow with cool Italian Ice and awesome Cheesesteaks!! I want you to stay here or me there -___e said its RUMORS!!!! Lol. And yes. I bet that's how you got started in the business, on your knees in lorne michael's office. I love being myself Where we're going, we don't need roads. TJ Blog | Beyonce Performs "Run The World" at Billboard Awards Master Ace x Doom. Good news to wake up to that they have a date for there collaborative albums. Dope If really is the Brett Favre I know and love, Toni is about to lose a large chunk of JareBearTime. Bromance So yall turned it on? Cuz its been off since Y2K. Guess it got a short or somen. Only glimpses of good music here & there. MT : ...remarks by Gene Nichol: How will you take action to create access for all? FF he cracks me up. stupid criminals. Learn from the past, Hope for the future, Live in the present. Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ In weightlifting I dont think sudden uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you. I hope Cotto rocks Floyd Mayweather tonight . Latest addiction: Greek olive hummus. Love it! I got a good laugh out of that one. Btw, that kid on the show was amazing! When your tweets are indirectly towards me & its obvious. : looking forward to your tweets! Great day. going to Frank's Diner with my Dad in Kenosha to eat and talk baseball and tunes. STAIND Rock Style 'Singer-Songwriter' needed for 'Major Film Project'. (Serious inquires only, please ) email: LOL! --> ": RT : Play w/ ya man's balls. They're important too lol." Remember when Cesc went years wo/ winning anything? dillon, what's urs? (: we'd blindfold and make him decide? “: How about me? I've been a huge fan since I saw u in Vegas in '08 with John Rich! Love ur music!” Thank you! got it Is it safe to say muslims b goin ham wen they sell oils lol? Freaking refs! They need to stop betting on games and taking bribes. thanks Tim! So excited for tonight! Lou Williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in i wanna draw travis clark but i can't find a picture help Literature business upgrade, the next level, to preserve the art. Congratulations to one of my favorites !!! ;-) hahaha!! That's makes 2 of us! Love y'all and everything, but I like being alive. Lol I feel like at of all my friends me and are the only ones who listen to country... The reason why they really love all the boys in the yard fighting over there HONEY???? Before you came in to my life... people saying Kobe is to old.....I hope he keeps aging if it means he's gonna keep dropping 40 on fools..!! FOOTBALL SUNDAYS!! COME IN FOR EVERY GAME.. Just arriving at the Asian cultural festival candidates forum. Speaking soon. Kalorama Park is the most adorable place in "This tweet is your tweet!" I love #folkmusic ! Dont let life's occurences make you bitter....dont lose who you are! October 15th 2012!... I want OKC to win it all... New Goodie Mob album? I think I like that We'll be on Fox6 Wake Up about 8:50 am to show you our food for ! ok goodnite beautiful thanks a lot :) #FF just pick a favorite tweep and followed her peeps! Those follow Friday games we play! And you know what? I'm not even apologetic! ;) ": I love the way you lie...LOL JK, if you lie to me again i will throw a brick at your face." Damn that sounds like a good idea Thats a Wrap. And where would I find it? I'm getting impatient. Tonight Trey Grimm rocks the keys 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm no cover of course! the person who is bringing champagne just text us "it's all about treating the future mothers of America well on Mother's Day" tomorrow at the Navy base in Ft. Worth, then back to Nashville Haven't heard any quantitative approaches yet. I made it to Manila ok. I have no idea where to find my direct messages through the web interface of twitter. I'm not in a man hating mood......but I'm close. Our Idiot Brother, that's high on the list for us this weekend. Paul Rudd always brings a chuckle. Preparing for Amelia Island performance later this month. we're sorry and thank you for being so understanding. We welcome any and all feedback! I'm shooting and editing consumer product videos for Jim Ellis auto dealerships, and AT&T mobility for the foreseeable future. What's with… Awesome! I just sent you an email with more info! you need to listen to music more. The shoulder doesn't function in isolation. Functions of shoulder strength, velocity and balance are related to scapula position and rhythm I lose my mind daily. But its ok, I always find it. the giants don't wont to win Scrapple is made locally by us as well! Delivered to your door. www.westcoastscrapple.com Attending 's Day of Discovery & experiencing what it's like to be in the center of a tornado via Reed Timmer's video. Watching ip man 2 what time is it there? Lol Yea, they give their child their name to make it seem classier. Slutty Marie McSlut-Whore II. It's like Queen Elizabeth II. Surprised that I'm working so hard without realizing it breaking out a hot little Italian number tonight to party with the most fashionable nerds in town! “: #Scorpio loves sex.” Could use some now but that's everyday Look I ain' tryna be rude.,but I ain't tryna eat your food....I'm a keep it funky with you girl we ain't that cool My grandparents was gonna let Melynnie come to dinner with us but her parents would let her. to be fair, there are a lot of what we would consider to be good lawyers here. Been doing a lot of busy work. You know making pc's to send to CD's with my "Morgan" quote. My IMDB Starmeter is up which makes me happy. Woman at airport restaurant orders eggs Benedict, eggs well-done. Everybody is going to hurt you, you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. #StoryOfMyLife #TrueTweet #<U+2764> I can imagine, nice cash windfall, do the players get a bonus? Why no OT? I like the favorite in a blowout Thanks for the RTs ! Great day today(: how was urs? ;) i only pray that God helps me when i'm struggling in the future. cuz i kno that i will be. goodnight beautiful <3 :) Fear the Ceej. someone kick me outta my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny. Buddhism140: Life=suffering. Clinging=the disease. Nirvana=the cure. Path=let go(d), be good/wise/mindful. Budda=dried sh-t. Wake up! Ahh! "Wicked problems" seems a bit negative... maybe "wild opportunities" could be a productive way to move forward. 1 yr suspension for Saints HC, & Greg Williams indefinitely?? How did Belichick get away with his crime w/just a hand slap? #SpyGate was bad Fave peeps working 4 immigrant rights damn shame. Bravo! Bravo! It shows your true superpowers. Such an attack would've blinded a lesser mortal. Putting "ha" after every fucken word is stupid. Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues! If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 8 Life's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself. clicky click! happy birthday to m! That's about to be my avi. And wallpaper. moochfly is a cute app idea Waking up from a nap three times and replying to your text message late everytime #sorry lol Congratulations, Dr. Nash! Self-nourishment is an act of kindness. Towards yourself. First rehearsal on Schubert Quintet with Marc Johnson: amazing experience.... Mr.UPS just pulled up....it's going to be a good day at the house of Habit;) more to come!! She's my fav for the evening! Looking for the sweetest dive bar in Hollywood for my birthday party...anybody? cause I'm waking up early and don't wanna wake the Beligum Buskin on the high line. Blake (3): Where's the soap? Me: Here it is. What part of you is dirtiest, let's start there. Blake: I don't want to talk about it. Big daddy Breakfast !!! Youngie ordered it, but I pulled the adult card and left ALex.. Marry me? I'm no longer single, and he makes me so beautiful, love him Did y'all see my nigga 's avy, though? *DEAD* Just thinking about how "Trending Topics" are sucking the life out of Twitter IMHO Why does it bother me that doesn't love me? stop saying kid after everything Man if i could have one day back smh don't be rude HA! Is there a Latour reference in the bingo card? If not, there should be Or you could take the Anita Blake route and just choose both. Word of the day: Gortex Congrats on your award girl! Just catching up on my tech news now. :) Blastoff just like Utley just did. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork Can't sleep? Remember God is with you always, don't watch mindless TV read your bible, give Him time, and He will give you sleep. 7 years ago in NYC the day wasn't dissimilar from today's spring sunshine. & I had a picnic in the park. He proposed. I said yes :) "I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said,"I'd like some fries."The girl at the counter said,"Would you like some fries with that?""JayL Thank you to B for encouraging me to listen (again) to The Wailin' Jennys. Holy amazing. See you on the roof tomorrow at 5:00 for a free BBQ. Let's break in the new grill! What did Jesus say to the Cubs last time he was on Earth?..... “Don’t do anything til I get back.” The should have a cake walk to the conference finals! I've wondered forever why there are not tons of accidents on that ramp. It's a heart racer. I think I've said "I could be at the Spurs game" probably like 37 times in class so far. Lol oh yeah, its been really nice so far and today he was looking outside and i turned to look at him and he looked at me at the same time, lol i'm such a nerd Do what? For the burger lovers: Kobe beef burgers. Try the Paradise--smoked cheddar cheese, red bell pepper remoulade! Maybe GM should manufacture trolleys. I be trying my hardest! Be feeling like imma squirt in his face n then NOTHING! Waste of time lol Great pic! (And YES to all those flavors!) Kyle Anderson coming out strong with 4 quick points. 21st best hair. Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. ~ Mark Twain Does your dog LOVE the snow?> Feel free to post pictures of your dog playing in the snow on our page! Woman on bus keeps almost falling asleep on my shoulder. Will have to get pic if it actually happens. Thanks doll <U+0001F618> RT : is the cutest <U+0001F498> Today is #NationalFrenchFriesDay Awesome! My favorite food group! Just like every other girly girl out there on the internet, I want to feel special. ;) My Mother Is Funny I'm not mad I'm just simply stating the facts I would to...but that takes effort... Thanks!!! I'm lucky to come from such a supportive state. There ya go...Darby runs out to bark long after whoever was behind the fence is gone. Well done Your perfect! I plug my headphones into my phone--so the app is like magic. It's called Lightning Bug (for android). I hope so! A little part of me is missing. Haha good choice! Stop by the west mall campus to make a button for $1 and learn more about Center Space Project our student organization! RT got my ride "imported" from FL. " is looking for some new interns... Must be awesome."// is awesome. Mariano Rivera putting up a stellar 54.00 ERA right now, yeah that'll help the ol' fantasy team Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life. yeah! And I have listened to all of these kids' albums..I wouldn't call them innovative at all. Good stuff but not innovative Perfect day for #headphones and ya email full bro! lol Prosecutors showed photos of Ava hooked up to tubes in hospital, family members holding her hand. Jurors now in middle of another break. Where's my CB ppl at??? 2nite we going in at Venue 162...ripping mics, converting fans 2 the religion of dopeness What is the most prestigious college that I can get into? Huntsman: Technology makes it easier to bully people in this day and age Bar hopping in chi. Why is there more than 1 blue frog in river north? 16 candles...dream of the past or future nightmare Is the baddest man on the planet, wow, what an F'n awesome video. Thank you for saying it... practice moved to saturday...i actually have a thurs night off...hm what to do?... jstnhgn open at 7 today Mahalo nui loa for all the inspiration 2011 Ironmen and Women... see you next year! Oldest male was 81 oldest female was 76.!!!!! My paper is finally starting to look up now... I miss you too I'm in school where you at call me Nassib to Lemon for 10 yards. I don't disagree, but Why is Nats GM involved, can't baby handle his own fight? Mines is hell, single and not gettin what i need some imma jus head onto school and get my ass to the NFL draft and get my money Question 10: What is one thing that you have never done, but you wanna try?? ": what happened to you!!! Lol"what u mean “: I used to play Call of Duty like you... But then I took an arrow in the knee.” You want the answer, listen to the teleseminar with on the 29th... :-) I dont know what i would do if there was no such thing as music O_o *scary thoughts* Did I ever mention I hate facebook? The only reason I have it is because I like about two people Check out the updated LiveAreaLabs.com You know those days when everyone and everything annoys you..? Today was that day -__- Comment and let us know what you think would make a good video? Think . . . Epic Meal Time I'm ready 4 summer 2! We are in look of one more guitarist... anyone? Please RT this and help us out thank you! I haven't had hummus in a month. How sad! Some people sleep talk, me, some people sleep walk, me when I was younger. Something weird I do, Sleep text. Im not kidding, Ask my friends. And Ketchup finally ends the winless streak! Alleluia! Thank you KSU! Much love and keep rocking!!! Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens. ~Plato "There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally." —Don Miguel Ruiz WOW. 's letterpress wedding invites are the best I've ever seen. Ever. "Short of hookers & blow ANYTHING can be purchased with political money, even a boat." -Steven Colbert on Letterman explaining his So true. The customers that wait outside until you open skinny jeans for life! Lol I had a GREAT day! LA is awesome!! how was your day? A FEW DAYS HE SOUNDS SO AWFUL I HAVE CRIED PRAYED AND CRIED AGAIN Turned it on just in time for the final pitch. No hitter Jered Weaver. I like pictures because they never change... they even bring back the memories of people who have changed. #iLikePeopleWho surprise me in the best ways ever!! (: sadness omg Tavis Smiley- Respect the seal and the high office that President Barack H. Obama occupys. studying fonts in the most boring shit ever That's funny. You know its our study, right? We're the first to link neural ad response to the behavior. That was the point. { YOU KILLED IT } FUCK A HATER CHRIS BROWN ALL DAY So heated. Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses .. I'm looking for ppl willing to talk on flipcam @ why its impor for sch lib to join or go to ala can't live without AdBlock Plus and Delicious add-ons. you're welcome! consider it a virtual cupcake! Great Job!! You see me Spending a nice birthday with family and friends It's James Brown come back as Dancing in the Streets! Love it and the wig! Thanks! Its one of our favorites! Some guy said I wear as much makeup as a clown so I'm under his bed with a knife. That's what clowns do, right? I wish I was a stronger woman and wasn't so emotional about things. hate you. Doctor's office Big POLO ralp Lauren shit budget I bet you look adorable with your braces Hey Christian! Please, I can be your girlfriend? :) Happy holidays ur welcome how old r u Mostly because of copyright infringement threat, right? I know who I want. I disappoint people cause they "like" me or want to get to know me better. I can't do that. My heart is set on someone... Your welcome! *deep breath* and dive right in. I miss Sparky Anderson That's not right...Let me get on it. Had the Best #Pizza in San Diego Today from: Thx to: No more college. Hallelujah can I get a whitness I know but he's in studio with us! see you at #b2bexpo - please swing by for a bite and to say hello! Now THAT is what you call a dubious honor! I did and they rule! Perfect as usual my man. Emailing you back tonight w more updates ;P maybe because he can't make 1st team all conference...in Conference USA. #EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont sell my soul! Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something!! Mixing the album. 2012! YEAH! Hate that I had to put the new TX license plates on my car today. 1) They're ugly. 2) I have to memorize a new plate. concert tomorrow night celebrating #Cmumusic100 live on Awful, sick the whole time Mamba for Three!!!! So, hey, what's up with that Markie guy? He still around? He should meet up with us. /cc CRAP. I forgot my world cultures stuff at home. I'm screwed..... Really missing Desire today. Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew! Where's Claudia when I need her? i'm listenting to that old song tank on me. imao. Felt dirty rooting for the Vikings tonight. But hey, it worked, and the Bears have clinched a bye in the first round of the playoffs! No but really though.... Us girls, yeah... We always know. Is it too late for you to get back in on the race? Can't stand Romney but refuse to let vote go to Obama. Remind me. Im old I forget shit. RT Dear god Hahahaha I told you a birthday present you can do already ;) Called a 1-900 number to offer a podcast job to a woman with a sexy voice. She still charged me for the full session. yeah it is lolz. Congrats Mike! RT : Another fun night at the for the #onemanshow. Thank you everyone for coming. I appreciate you. stranger's backpack accompanied by sunflower seeds and an investments textbook. should've known. where you at?! Thank You to all #Volunteers who have served with our ReStore. 30,000 hours logged this past year! YOU ROCK Dear Bus Driver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus. I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can dry out But us fellas tend to give a pass to females to say any out of pocket bullshit they want, so long as they look like an easy lay in their avi i gotta do this shit all over again.... Thanks Jay!! Hypher we all know what she wants she cannot deny it forever Don’t blame others for your problems. Take ownership of them and with God’s help, defeat them. Whatever happened to being here forever, it wasn't suppose to be a temporary stay. Back home & back to work, but I sure do miss my family. Sneezing before your mascara is completely dry = big, fantastic mess My go to insult for the month of February: "you fucking pinhead." Gonna use it at least twice tomorrow and more throughout the weekend. So please forgive me. I really miss you a lot and I want to be close again. Just heard an amazing speech from Amazing brother doing great things for future generations of black leadership. friend asked me, "how's your love life?" shook my head so she said, "what about that kid from twitter you love?!" omg ha :) Is there anything better than country music circa 1993-1997? The answer is no. And there isn't an argument against that. Sorry. Happiness is an inside job. If I don't have inner peace, than I have nothing. Today, I find time to breathe deeply and look for the good. Long time no talk. No love for your old friend anymore? i just want to go home :( could please follow me !!!!! Did you know that Jamaica has the most churches per square mile of any other country in the world? <U+266B> Claire baby, I wish you could see how it all got twisted...<U+266B> not my favorite place, but for the UFC I'm in Or Lewis Carroll w/o having tried LSD. Ferd Hoefner (NSAC) most important statement of the day. Advocate (now!) to protect the hard-won gains of the last few farm bills. Can's wait to ROCK THE JUNGLE - LET'S GO KOMETS!! Dwayne Bowe doesn't look like he could catch a cold today Free story idea: Roundup of non-state-run campgrounds & parks for people worried about a gov't shutdown. You threw away a good girl for a filthy slut. Let me know how that works out. Thank you x2 to ! Girl, where would we be w/o you. i barely had the time to make me one thanks for recommending us and hope we'll see you soon! where is my hairbrush! i love the "dance" version! now that i'm a parent, i appreciate veggietales even more Ok. I'm home from an interview. I hope I get the job! I need prayers from my praying twitter friends please. Thank you. watching #Twitter change the conversational tide from everyday things to #Osama has been quite amazing - rT:Buy 3 nike air yeezys @ $125 Always Forever! Get 4th pair Free! www.NikeAiRYeezys.Us ?Refer 20 Buyers!Get A Pair yeezys Free! Sneaky bitches see my sneaker stitches Reviewing my notes on Everything is Misc: "YOU! You're the one telling my students everything on the net is open to everyone everywhere." Mb is killing me specifically cuz Ray Ray was tripping over tht bag of oat meal I love getting to the office knowing I got a stack every Monday waiting on me.... #? Gonna miss as a #blazer! JT: You don't have to put everything in the trash, you can recycle. Earth Day is coming soon. I just wanted to tell you about that. This is the month we launch Dove Style Magazine-Great stories about and many more! Only 2 more hours of MERCY CORPS MONDAY. Plenty of time for dinner, a drink, or dessert. As always, 25% will go directly to Mercy Corps. As a Ph.C. Teaching Assistant, I make $880 every two weeks, w/ $100 taken out by federal taxes. Is that about the same for most TAs? and what you mean by pucker up? Ellen pleaze watch my brothers video on youtube!..hes a rapper from LA...Suprah Navah-Over The Hill featuring Nelly Marilu #TGIF excited for the Birthday Extravaganza tonight celebrating and ! Happy Birthday! says not to expect anything this year from Santa Monica, I get tips through friends thanks. We are having fun with it. Family weekend in Brown County. Good times. Deep RT : #Concur RT : I dont get how the government expect us to starve and not sin.. Phoneless for the night those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead. These deaths are a preventable tragedy. I stand corrected. I'm going to blame Jeremy Clarkson for that mix up. Who needs that when you have an award winning smile and personality! Is that your restaurant on today ? #TheVow preview gets me every time can't wait to see it in theaters SEW #IFMA has officially joined Twitter and is celebrating Communications 2.0 for their 25th Anniversary year. Pack your bags YOU ARE WATCHING 3 LIVE in New Jersey this Saturday! Congrats! That was not a good inning from K-Rod. We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust. ~ Rumi Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay I thank the God above for keeping my mother, In spite what the doctors have said we serve an awesome God!!!!!! We briefly considered renting stilettos instead of bowling shoes, but it didn't go over very well... u the nigga singing the hook on welcome to H-Town? Avatar is better when drunk. Thanks new followers!! REALLY hate arbitrary prereqs for classes I want to take. Esp. when they aren't assigned to a prof so I can't even get approval to register. y am i up this early on my day off?? well i guess i'll play mw3 then Dear Parks and Recreation: Thank you it's a privilege to receive revelation on the purpose and will of God. Walk in it.. kool...at work...hot u after 8 bro that sounds intriguing... It's "The Adventure" from Angels & Airwaves. Ok, I understand now. Everyone must have forgotten how to answer their phone. It's a national problem. Perfect! Nic will be in Scotland that week so I'll need to stay busy...lol Does anyone know what the first step is to getting certified as an addiction/recovery counselor? Hey, by the way, we're pretty darn proud of our friends over at ! They're good people & they're doing good work! bc it was cloudy and rainy all weekend #Humid! i feel like complete crap. ugh Hey there Crisston My swag flag is at half-mast, 's is at 100%. I answered this on your other twitter account a few minutes ago. Went driving today and dude I freakin rocked at it Let's make a deal .... You can have Macho once a week lol. what's a rage face merries ? Morning Tracey, thank you! Are you thinking about using ZamTech? "Reply hazy, try again" <U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Don't be bothered with Brittain's recent health inspection score. A 65 could be an A in many Tech classes! goo.gl/PKEgH Daddy Help me with my Followers :D thanks for your help will be in Portland next week is their any acting hangouts in pdx bars clubs Big. RT *BURST APART* Jimmy Fallon on the 6th! lol its still alive ask leele to take u to yo house after college im there Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why I’m not there when you change your mind. Thanks for the hook up, Heather. Sounds like we spend our days surrounded by music! ~Nelson Mandela~It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change Models Call time 9 PM Sun Dec 4th @ La Vida Fashion Show 1448 N Gower St. LA 90028. Bring UR ID 21+, Come Camera Ready with Pairs of Heels DarthJones is back in the game. I'm going to start making videos again. LIAR LIAR LIAR I was at the door...so what's your excuse NOW #ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction... Drugs, Guns, dirt weed w/ a lotta seeds in the bags, crack/cocaine, stolen items, silverware from the redlobster Starting the strategic marketing online seminar in a few minutes... see you on the other side! Smile! It will help puts your nerves at ease and help you be inviting to others. Networking tip from , still on, 530? It's the cutest. would love to chat about this w/you sometime. Notion of a #dramaturg as support rather than full collaborator never sits well. WOW look at the results from South Carolina. Obama wins with the GOP in a mess. Another ellasport capris fan! Just got a GREAT email from :) Can't wait to see the Bar Method pics! WE ARE DEBUTING OUR BAND FOR THE FRIRST TIME AT SANGRIA LUXE LOUNGE IN GLENDALE THIS THURSDAY 930PM-2AM...59TH AVE AND UTOPIA you should have sexy zombie playboy bunnies in the magazine. guarantee it would be your best selling issue this year! GOING TO "I LOVE YOU MAN" WITH Q AND BLAIR. AIN'T NO LUCK IN BOAT RACES HA! > “: Buddy Nix on WGR about picks in 4 thru 7: "Like the woman with the ugly baby - you love them 'cause they're yours."” Fun competition! Next you need to have a comp. for all the fans back in SA!! Good luck tomorrow! <U+270C> When was the last time the Sox won 4 in a row on the west coast try an app called yelp. congrats on yr success. keep it up... Remember when left a queef stain on my bed? Dirty bitch alert I HIT TWEET LIMIT FML. Just write about my Shiva statue! You sure seemed to be an expert on that last night! Glad I found you on twitter! Watching "In the Heights". hahaha I did. Lucky dude and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins. Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs! #FIGHT ON never heard of it. We are staying in Carp with my buddy. Drink on Sat sounds good! Can't wait to hit the gym later. Working on some new things today.. Dame Helen is great. Thanks for the RT. I love Canada! “: No!!!! No bullpen, no bullpen! #Angels”// #OCRAngels bullpen is to #angels like d'oh is to Homer Simpson Well done, Sir! :) That makes 2 of us now. :) Nice touch David Nelson ;-) having this problem right now. Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha... sleeping problems! bruh you should know how much a lineman can change a team I MISSED YOU, BABY. You should give me a tour of set sometime, I'll dust off my ringtone too and have everyone call. Just sent you homies an email!! :) #ff please RT! happy friday! thank you =) Those 2 drama awards were all I cared about. If anyone wins the comedy one's besides Modern Family it'll be a travesty. "Guys may flirt with a million different girls, but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about."<3 silly man. Is the work week dragging? Coworkers won't shut up? Boss is a butthole? Have no fear, console combat monthly is this Sunday! naked Harry is trending! :D xx And, we need 2 pocket folders in red, yellow, green, blue, orange, black, white, and purple. I can easily find red, yellow, green and blue. You don't know how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you or how much I wish you were mine. I followed(: Thank u lovely! RT : I'm renaming-in my ipod- #madonna's song Gang Bang to Like A Carjacking. LOL Is guilt a good thing? I say it's not. I hate skis, I hate ski clothes. I hate watching people ski on TV, I hate goggles, I hate ski poles, ski lifts and I hate ski lodges. my phone would be fucked up, thanks to my case and screen protecter, I drop my phone so much! I'm coming SKC. Sorry I missed the first half but almost home. I see you're waiting for me to score -- here I come. I go without makeup all the time, so #SorryNotSorry for wearing it today. iPhone baseball tournaments starting up soon! Yess I am jelly Its sad my grannie get more love than I do at MY JOB. Smh lol #Bagel Friday on a Wednesday! Thanks you made my morning and its not even 9AM yet!! K ask cuz I was just bout to get in oovoo wit her but I missed her call I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin. That is as close as it gets FB Fahu Tahi () set to join the Jacksonville jaguars. Hoping I packed enough black for everyday 5 people post your slow jamz vid with on my FB feed. Nicely done! Blowing off a trip down to the mall for #earthday to garden instead seems appropriate lol kick off those Sunday shoes? appropriately named indeed. They said he was named that bc the owner always says that after his wife gives him "cookies"... Dogs have sensitivie ears-remember that when playing the TV and music. Opps. Give me some?? getting ready for KW's reunion — leave bright and early tomorrow! Theres nothing on tv Dipping my toe into the twitter universe. Or is it better to jump in? One, two, three - here I go! If you had a chopper in the car, the bus would be the least of your worries. #BoardwalkEmpire was AMAZING last night! Didn't think they could top last week. Absolutely brilliant! Still disturbed by the Oedipal scenes :) where r u from? Thanks for inquiring about lessons...yes fully up and running. Contact us through www.hansonmusicstudios.com In LA, bandwagoning is a sport. praying 4 them OMG-Backyard Les Mis on #BradBradWorld knocked my socks off!! is the quirkiest, sweetest guy!! Happy 10 years, love birds! amazing night!!! Nf follow back Thanks for the follow, 29er! Catch us at our show this Thurs. to hear our 2 great new songs. Color us excited! #GirlsRock! What's your favorite shisha combo? we love local love!! right back 'atcha sister! Just got back to #CHICAGO home sweet home You're welcome. Always love to follow ambitious, food aficionados who love travel. Kindred spirits as they say. :) Just ran into Omari Todd of A great leader and a great organization. We both like cafe hon. Beautiful, but so sad that he had to do that. I was kidding.. U don't need to go out your way to get me a hat :) working on it brother It will smell like clam chowder there, so fricken' bad *laughs* How to make God laugh: Tell him your future plans The only thing I like about finals season is the hilariously panicked Facebook statuses/tweets everyone posts. business calculus:( Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell... "Work" doesn't really feel like work when you're doing something that you love to do Its soo hard to get noticed by with all these tweets right now. Need some #luck please? In dallas trying out this city so far so good.... all of us at topnotchescorts.net invite you to come enjoy your time with us RT Cowabunga dude! <- ?? lmaoo TURTLE POWER!! i always wanted to be a ninja turtle sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down. just get back up when it knocks you down. I am excited to find you on twitter--And to find you are giving out candy--But mostly to count myself as an official follower Im your biggest fan!!!! Your Awesome!!!!!!! Ekk! Hope I'm on that invite list ;-) I hear wedding bells.... I enjoy it the most. What will you do when YOUR the minority?? I'm glad that's something expected to happen in my lifetime.. I wanna see your face... Who'd win in a fight between & ?? Taking bets now.. Hope your day is wonderful! RT : ...;) New JC Penny commercials remind me of old Target ads but Target actually featured stuff they sell. Does Pennys sell catholic school jumpers? Message tonight changed the way I think about Social Justice, and therefore, my life. The wheat and the weeds, man. think you were hacked! If you missed Part 1, track it down. Good reporting, good writing, good stuff. RT : Part 2 of "49 Miles, 49 Minutes" coming Sunday. Um, no. That link in your tweet has a big Play button that needs a product called _Media Player Lite_. Who do I speak with about a potential company for ATDC? I assume it is you, but don't want to waste your time if not. I monitor Twitter for FTB mentions. If you require help, follow me and DM and I will have someone call you. I am with FTB. Those people that put some form of smiley in every single text so do I!!!! Let's go this summer!!! Shall we? he accomplished more but sterling was waaaaaaayyyy better. If not for the injuries sky was limit for sterling. I'm Gonna Do All I Can 2 Make The World A Better Place.. Ladies...if it doesn't work out between us, the VERY next guy will get you pregnant. great meeting/shootin you the other day at the school in san jo! footage looks great so far :) (i was the one with the j's) Latest mixtapes videos and interviews on Fixurface.com!!! No kidding! Rest my #@&! I have to go to work on Mondays to recover from Sunday! your racing app is printing cash mate...best 99 cents around. Great write up on Mallyon/VainAttraction Tactics! Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen ~ Albert Einstein Wow! #mcdm RT : Took over 3 yrs for Twitter to pass a billion tweets. They now log that much every 4 days! Rain raain go away, tryin' to eat some sushi today... two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media! your so hot yeah. I'm thinking it goes 5 as well, but at least the Jazz aren't getting blown out by 30 like 's Knicks. Why is it that we only value/celebrate #care work when it is done in the confines of (white) reproduction/kinship? Joey:aww bro I'm getting a toe cramp" me:LMFAO bro ur doing pushups how da F. U get a toe cramp!? :I get them all the time.LoL Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do. Liz Smith At my little cousins softball practice. <U+0001F618> It is possible to put too many veggies in the risotto. Trust me on this Idk how people say that me and look like twins, I'm like twice her size and weigh triple her weight :o i loves you more then any person other then your family ever fucking will <3 Annie s moving to the velvet lounge at 9:30 to see grammar tomorrow? You don't say! Bday breakfast at Grey Dog Cafe near Union Square with the boss and his lady. parsnips that are harvested after the first frost are sweeter than before....who knew? Four days ago, my Kindle got broken. Totally my fucking fault, too. What is everyone up to this evening? i agree with 's overall concept about BAM. but the real problem is the educational system; not the name. Hate losers who follow you hoping you'll follow back and raise their numbers. I'm good with 3 followers, fuck off. Gary Karton is a political speechwriter. Did he write Clinton's tortuous 1988 DNC speech or Buchanan's awful '92 RNC speech? Listening to K'Naan- In The Beginning. Immediately reminds me of you I don't know. It's really not used anymore. Everything is styled in CSS now. I used that years ago. :) “Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.” : RT : This mixtape #wanted is really good. Good job your welcome ;) Let's drink 2 this! 2 billion more people worldwide now have access 2 clean #water as #MDG - Millennium Development Goal - is met. I am so full I don't wanna get up or go to class Ladd, prayers for your Dad.. Sounds delicious! The states' case did not make sense. Why would a loving Mother suddenly stop? It was a terrible case and it made no sense. Baby with 'bucket list' dies - CNN in honor of the weekend, which Founding Father had the best wig/hair?We've made a lot of Ben Franklin's, so we're biased- what do you think? W/#African problems still unsolved--confronted with recent coups in #Mali & #Guinea Bissau, and crop failure. Akin to #leadership failure Happy 50th birthday ! YUCK! Smells like animal dookie in the office but most likey, it's someones lunch Thanks for the follow. Keep me informed of your project. All the way. Into racing? Hit me up I don't think you want mine either haha also I despise the new anti-smoking ads with the lady with the hole in her neck. Creeps me out! D: Leave Des alone! I loves his tweets. :) No worries, hope all is well! hey I'm in Starbucks if you guys are around idk about that one. I mean all barber had to do was stay in bounds then not fumble. He did both Finally Friday, what a long week. We're looking forward to seeing you guys at #DevNexus next week. I can't wait to connect with everyone on Twitter! can you explain more? how does navel gazing relate? May I recommend giving up only WHITE wine for lent? After all, red is the blood of Christ and all that. ;) I love I sent you a message. 30 point lead?! Give it up Lakers.... You're very welcome! Have a great week! #LeBron = Mr.Clutch. He took over in the 4th!. Club saga 2nite party rocking Wed in full effect $3 you call its! Arrive early!! Me will be spinning!! Oh wow.. Make sure you rest too or take some time to do something fun too. A batch of brownies and #BreakingBad....a pretty good combination for a Friday night! A biz should want to know what customers are saying. If products/services are good, comments will likely be positive me: You seem cool…follow me on Twitter. Foreign person: What is……Tweeter? me: ·___· Planning a #wedding? We offer free consultations with no obligation to book Were all greened up lol :) Bos was beating them all year lol Follow me plz :) RT I get lazy and greedy in Detroit!! When I get back to LA I have to get back on my exercise and diet regimen! lol I blame adoption cost you know more than anyone that if he wins none of this little uproar will matter Best dunk of the night was by DeMar DeRozan. Blake's car/choir stunt was too cartoonish. Where my chefs at yo? (my peeps are too quiet) I have an extra Snack Pack. Just an FYI. I want my nails to be another color I bet you are Don't like it, no one will, but I understand why and will continue to support you and The Colts as well as 18 where ever he goes me too most definitely!!! I'm glad I'm not the only one who calls the boyz my babies(: Execution of Minor Convicted of Murder: Cruel & Unusual Punishment? 2005 #SCOTUS Oral Argument: ROPER v. SIMMONS. Sat 6pm ET on I know this Universe will never be perfect...but sometimes it feels perfect. Yay!! the rain didnt stop our BBQ Claimed turkey carcass from girlfriend's family's Christmas dinner. Next stop - turkey soup! #Contraband was much better than I thought it would be! #TheDevilInside, on the other hand, was pure garbage. Garcia and Scherzer RT : Sharing insights on Hootsuite for account management Thanx for the follows everyone! Now, how to find a trustworthy marketer? I need marketing, any referrals? Need to get my App bizz going. Interesting? Maybe. I was able to figure out what production was filming on my block searching Twitter over Google. lol we do it best. Happiest couples in the world never have the same NATURE. They just have the best UNDERSTANDING of their DIFFERENCES. Were you in Legally Blondes? :) When your 12 no one likes you. Gotta love technology bringing the world closer. Just executed a great call about via VOIP and screenshare to Mexico. uncheck local name resolution when creating a new domain name. we miss you too ev <3 I'm always here for you, you know that! Despite all the bullshit we've been through. We're sisters :) No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave-Calvin Coolidge Seven KCOM students in #Joplin at Freeman Health Systems Hospital are OK. Many D.O. alums, ASHS Au.D. alum also OK. You were born given life; it is your duty to find something beautiful within life no matter how slight. Please follow me on Keek! :) Get Christian to number 1 One more day until Tennessee <3 Such a sad man you are. But I'm not a rapper. Fox News on in the breakfast buffet. I no longer need to punish, deceive or compromise myself. Unless, of course, I want to stay employed. Any news on when and where the NY run will be next year. I'm so excited about it!! "We're living in a fantasy...tell me would you care to be my lady?" Just fell a little bit in love with the Princeton Arch Press office dog and office puppy. Yellow labs, I think. Every office needs one. Imagining the sun exploding, turning into a giant fish made out of flames, coming close to the earth, saying "Hello, warm friends." Can't wait!! So excited!! : Can't help but notice the countdown to #KATHY in corner of screen! Thurs 10PM" That Lemon Fresh is so flirtatious! And she has an "acidic wit." OMG really? Who thinks this is what people want? they looking for you for raping men It's been real, King's. See you tomorrow? searching for a DIRECTOR OF FINANCE in MARYLAND. Contact me confidentially via Wait... the Beach Boys are releasing a new album and touring; Van Halen is releasing a new album and touring. What the hell decade am I in? OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and ! Good things come to those who wait. Awesome movie! I feel like such a dork for yelling out, "Hidden Mickey" while watching The Muppets movie. And just so a train take off towards seatac. hi zephyr! follow back! and lets meet up soon! Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever... i hope that you have all you ever dreamed of Matt, sure let's talk. You are not your circumstances or your situation. God's majestic power overrules any obstacle we can every go through!! “Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now” I hope Zimmerman never goes to jail. <U+2764> I feel like a lot of females have been in their feelings lately... It must be the cold weather or because it's close to Christmas time Okay...my phone is quiet now... Really? I don't know about relative racial/ethnic breakdowns in the two disciplines. I'm all lost in the supermarket. part of me is dissapointed in the choices i've made recently. Totally wiped out. Came home and did work for an upcoming wedding. My brain is fried. Want to snuggle with doo, but he's in lego land :) you guys are killing it! are you making the pizza? Finally back in LA it was great to hear some real music at sxsw in Austin! Nice break from uninspired electro pop and talentless noise :) that's a laugh out loud tweet. #SOTU over and out.. you have a good time last night buddy?! I cant sleep cause earlier i recieved a text saying cops came by and told us some guy called 911 and is gonna shoot as many as hes can Like Wesley Snipes I'm Riding On That Bailey had a bad inning!!! I hate him!! Why is he even in the majors?? Time to cut him and start Chapman!!! #FireDusty! #TEAMRETWEET JOIN THE TEAM #ihavenorespect for the bitch that took my sex toy and made him a daddy lol I knew I liked that man. RT : Everything can change in an hour so no early celebrations here. Yiddo. COYS. nice to meet u Taylor, im Shelby :) haha! welcome:) if it wasn't for you i wouldn't be able to do what I love for a living your a great singer I think you can go far!<33 Actually , was responding to me. She doesn't need to use gimmicks to book work. She has talent for that. :) so thoughtful! Mine gave me one of those Tiffany's charm necklaces. I was like, do you even know me? that Monday evening you would still be here with me. denying a woman the right to life is greatest violation of all My friend would email me the Google Voice translations of my VMs. They were hilariously bad. CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP. I'm hoarding boxes of #chedbunz AND #chocbunz at my desk! Wife says to husband: "Whisper dirty things into my ear". Husband leans in and whispers: "Dishes, Laundry, living room" Sounds like an amazing weekend! RT : Change the Way you Look at Things and the Things you Look at Change. ~Wayne Dyer haha well you gotta get on that then! I'm a model.. Forgot it until last week, a friend was wearing all white bc she "can't" after Labor Day. I laughed so hard. did u move to Minneapolis? If McCarthy has an eye on my fantasy football team, he'll call James Starks' number here. To put it rather bluntly,I am not the type who wants to go back to the land;I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel. Fran Lebowitz Packing my stuff with apple green boxes. A nice #ecofriendly alternative to cardboard. I'd prefer to wear my uniform to school then dress down...... Oh and if any one lives in the sarasota/bradenton area in florida and knows of someone who is giving kittens away, tweet me plz You know what scares me? The President's unconstitutional executive orders and Congress's spending. Elect #gj2012 Live free! These sort of issues really call into question my supposed and unrefined Libertarian viewpoints. Thank You tell your friends drake shit go hard (hate sleeping alone) $1 OFF any dinner or combo meal or get 10 FREE shrimp w/ dinner at Hip Hop Fish and Chicken #WeDaBest. Only w/ a This afternoon! You're on my to-do list. Well I just lobbed that joke over the plate, huh? I'm doing it wrong...in the bleachers at Chief Sealth HS watching soccer. Your plan sounds a lot warmer! That's a bad thing? Sounds like fun. Caught the first #worldcupfinal goal on Twitter, the 2nd on the radio, and the 3rd on TV. Now all I need is the telegraph. I'm here Please welcome NiamhSlack54 to the Max life even then that's no guarantee like a boss All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou it's so good and with it being 0 calories it actually doesn't taste like diet! And I really don't wanna go to jail for slapping the shit out of these 12 year olds cursing up a storm. So annoying! They think it's so cool people who try and pull the off the whole "yeeaahhbuddy!!" thing just make themselves look stupid I have a soccer ball hexagon still imprinted on my leg from a Sunday indoor game. The time has come. I must now begin a journey that will challenge every fiber in my being; I can no longer withhold it. The time has come. #JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you. I love you so much. well i made it so it could be seen on phones pero nose if its ganna work ull find out later haha : You just love it cause Bill Compton has even less excuse for sounding like an anachronistic dufus. Two more decent docs on mankind's relation to nature -- one about local food (EATING ALABAMA) & one about birds (CENTRAL PARK EFFECT). Thanks for the ideas! You guys ROCK! Word to kombiz. Hay, um, I should go to that show with you Friday. \m/ Thanks for spending time with us! RT : street food asia. wonderful way to end a beautiful weekend!(: As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record. But what about students who speak in class? Lol - I was adopted. Born in Missouri and grew up on Long Island... you? New vocaloid what do... Matt Croyle, creator of 'Monster', here. Just wanted to say hello! #TheVoice all girls' hearts go to Blake. SICK. You are STACKED with awesome girls and have some pretty sweet guys as well. The NHL network is great, showing the LA Kings/SJ Sharks shootout. Sharks win at 1:12am in East. Kings are good, Anze Kopitar is a stud MY BIG BRO ACTUALLY THOUGHT CHAD JOHNSON'S BIRTH NAME WAS CHAD OHCOCINCO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LMFAO As Nutter prepares budget, unions close in on 3 years without a contract Philadelphia's 12,500 nonuniformed city employees have been work My thoughts and prayers are with the lowe family! Ok course. What questions can we answer? Sweet! Thanks for the #FF! the white guy is a professional wrestler (Rowdy Roddy Piper) Christopher Plummer delivered a great acceptance speech. Billy is kickin' it! lmfao ikr u can tell her ass is fake her hips were movin but her ass cheeks weren't ahaha I know a Director who would disagree. She thinks the"real" part is just that. Real emotion is what Actors should observe. By the way...taxes done (as well as balancing check book and other bookkeeping)! Gettin a refund. Winning! You know what i mean! Smh RT : seriously needs to fix this spam stuff... Been goin on for to long Good night everyone there will be the smell of breakfast waiting in the morning and tht splash of sunlight will just make it even better! Need a boo for a movie this weekend, 1st time i'm off thur, frid and sat! say Word hope you get to your destination safely! Let me know if you wind up in KC for any amount of time. Will be riding the LA Metro all day on Sunday! #GoSuperBowl! Designing my sound creation user interface in Photoshop. I've been keeping Steve Jobs' sense of taste in mind as I have been working... O my god I cant believe I gotta go to work on Wednesday tell them I said hi and I miss them! School sucks! I have a feeling I might have my 1st fight this year. How's school? That sounds like a really interesting book! Lmbo! Its 1:11 cause I said it was. Passing a Wawa on the train to DC. Such a tease. Thousands leaving park as reqested. Back out on the streets. RT - Wow, we just have a Major League moment, I swore I was watching Roger Dorn's Cleveland Indians for a moment. you see how millsap's nums drop across the board vs #spurs? I hurt myself already :( Yay! So share already! :-) #ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC Being sick sucks. Tonight anything that resembles responsible/important/etc: I'm not interested...in case any of you planned to request a report or some data. Would you rather eat at a restaurant with the 5 star food but 3 star service? or 5 star service and 3 star food? well....wht about hospitals Wut u spend on a bottle in da club that's my tip money for dinner ha ha. Catch up is da King bitch Can't get ultra off my mind RT : miss you too hun! TX needs more girls! Why am I not surprised? :-p so dope dude! Your league, was mentioned on tonight! hopefully more to come wow am I finally going to get to see the digiboard? Watching dead poets society and they just referenced a collect call. As much as I hate bio, Derek Tom and Alexandra are too funny<U+0001F602> My goal is to write about Mysticism, Islamic and Christian and how it can heal the rift with science (rift from theology). I'm enjoying the sense of community I feel with all these #AtTheDriveIn fans coming out of the woodwork this past week. That is all. #fspam5k Day. Celebrate by growing a beard. The more love you give out~ the more love you produce within yourself. Enjoying the many amenities at the fantastic for the #ASLRRA2012. Great job, guys. I can't do this crap anymore! <U+0001F62D> I just want to go too bed. #4famouswords I met someone else. navigate to the gh-pages branch for content, as indicated in the master branch readme dude be getting it popping... Very smart rapper Chris! I love song "Sleazy" haha... I guess you can call me sleazy... Cuz I'm def feeling this song! <U+2764><U+0001F3B6><U+0001F3B6> It was great. Talks on reducing arrhythmia, homebrew sleep sensing, goal setting and social networking aggregation. Video soon! rt this if you think is attractive to gay guys! “: We're playing with our friends !” so stoked!!! I am so jealous! Wish I could be there. See you at the mixer tonight @ 5:30?? Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House! Hoping it's a girl, :) Nick helped me realize we'll always be close even if I'm having someone elses baby. <3 Too much eyeliner, sister. You are not Cleopatra. Love your show "Picker Sisters", you guys are adorable, sexy, super charming & so talented. Best of luck with it! Call us at 585.222.BUZZ for your local rochester music requests RT : take care and sleep well :) >>>> Most Definitely :) Even random people from my old high school knows about me and white bitches hahahahaha You're welcome #kony2012 is an impressive social media campaign. Is everyone posting videos AND donating $? RT : Not cool Meta World Peace. Not cool. Happy Chinese New year! Bring on the dragon. Morning busy body :) RT : good morning RT Glad to hear another Great #OpOliver project happened with I watched the first episode last week. My one word review is "meh". ehug my dear Doing a decent job on defense. Executing the D gameplan well. Must get to shooters. On O, gotta FINISH easy layups! Can't stand & watch. Don't complain about something if you're not doing anything to change it what are you doing to pass the time before the big game?? How about a trip to Ipic for bowling or a movie!!!?? So I'm pretty sure I went in the best date ever with ! He was such a gentleman!...but then I woke up. #WishfulDreaming <3 Never fear, SJH has staying power (as well as 40 years' worth of Godey's to quote). Thank you for the mention! :) Anymore Shout outs anyone? HMU Bell is single handily keeping uofl in this. Pass the ball son Positive thought without positive action is positively nothing. Sunburned from yesterday ... can't complain though, at least it finally feels like Follow Back :D hope to see you in the chi one day #letswin good look on the retweet How come no one ever talks about how kick ass #Shameless is on showtime? Industry Night: $5 glass of wine, $5 whiskey shots, $5 well drinks, $2 PBR, $3 flatbreads. Why? Because we love you. Buying RIMM at 27.50 was a super purchase! Nice call by us... Most any handgun will achieve this purpose, guys. :) Del Walters - WTH are you doing? This is a farcical display of power and a breach of democracy - let legislation be passed. I think blocked me. He's the best cock blocker there is. Wow is it May already?! Time to break out the spring headcheese recipes. Anyone have any good ones? S/o beats go hard bro. This try again goin to the booth wit me. Smiling. How are you? You get out what you put in, put 110+% in and get 110+% out ! Good morning world Back home from a hot day of work!! I Love South Florida weather! Better Sunny and Hot than any type of cold!!! PLEASEE FOLLOW ME?:D I don't even like Ledger. Brandon Lee (Crow) ripoff. Oldman allows me to watch the third reel, but doesn't save it. Awww, no more Blake Eskin for the #NewYorkerOutloudPodcast after this week's episode. That makes me sad. Tuesdays, you always ruin the week! I just want to say congrats to Brad Haugabrook for graduating! So proud/happy when our players walk across the stage! And that's how he'll STAY one of the richest men. A radioactive hazard zone, Chernobyl's is big example. thanks it was great! We're gonna watch bridesmaids again! honestly I'm just waiting for that day when a bitch wants to call me fat to my face instead over the web so i can knock her out right there I know I am late on this but glad you liked it!!! good idea! I have a feeling though, she'd still want to jump around it. of course! :) I know how lame is that! Arg it needs to be $14000 to be really competitive what is the hashtag for 2day? got the most amazing woden carved heals from Bastille Days! So little time left being a college kid. Things are starting to become very surreal. It's called Finding Bigfoot and is on Animal Planet. I'd be too scared to actually go look for a bigfoot! lol! It's way to hot outside not the milwaukee variety I'm feelin sick homes. :( coach, my woman just said the same damn thing, hahaha! So true! Nothing wrong with being on time. Rep. Gutierrez is fired up! thank you for your work advocating with our friends in South Carolina Visited the wedding venue tonight for this Saturday, so excited! Psst, are y'all ready to find out who will be joining Ronnie Dunn at PB? Artist announcement to happen in very near future! ready to see you play now sir. your going to beast this year big man! Very good news for businesses Pissed me the off up? Lol no.. I cant even type right haha I just wanted to use the icon! I bet you look amazing <U+0001F482> Who needs a heart wen a heart can b broken get that bike up on that roof lol..pushin that crown lol Busy day today One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice. Men with insecurities >>>> And my heart caves in when I look at you Although I don't personally know her, I'm so glad that Kotie is home. Welcome to twitter love! xo Jersey shore!(:already seen it though(:... we had to google it lol Can't believe Shane is dead! I know the news industry. ;) What sounds better? Police told him to leave or he dashed off for a radio interview right after. sorry! And yeah for sure dude! "People fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer, guess that just the theory of man"....NAS Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. officially plays with dolls. jarius, picture me and you at a dance club! Go go go go go go go go. All the girl screaming. Go jarius, go go. Go alfred, go go #iwastired #righttosnatch plus it was a really Don't ask me to re tweet if you don't rt me. SMH what's word? Did u get cleared RT : Hey you should book Cadaver Dog. They'd be great at the Ex Hall or wherever you end up putting heavy bands Uh, I thinkz ur emailz has been haxor'd. Just recieved spam from your email account. Might want to change that password... we still love you thanks ! “: love your avi girl” but w the old crew reunited i was thinkin some retrorock might happen... LIZZIE FTW Article: "Could Obama's stance on gay marriage hurt him in the election?" Well, the asshole demographic is hard to please anyway. I saw the U SMILE video and I was the first one cuz one had commented or seen it, that means I'm ur #1 fan!! I love u! so essentially, when one wants to make all the changes visible on the master document, we do that push origin master command... this is my awesome site I'm still up grindin.... Told u when u sleep I'm still grindin Money neva Sleeps.......... 5am When I ask you to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics mean everything I'm trying to say to you. Really? Sweet! Welcome to the Steeler Nation,You are a very Baad man:) Ok we do not like Ravens or Browns,glad to have you in Black and Gold:) Rs will explode w jealousy as usual & look 4 ways 2 twist it & make it minus 4 Obama. They won't give POTUS credit 4 anything. “ Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that.” who cares...yum yum yum yeahh. One step at a time lol The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, including back-to-back wins against Apprentice, and is the World Series champion. she doesn't have one haha & that is adorable Wifi I missed you I read it via email. #HappyMothersDay to all. I'm thinking chicken and waffles. wait let me tell you more about my dream. i was sitting on the side of a crowded street, at a table, under a lamp, tryna roll one. AH!! can't wait til tomorrow!!!!!! going to brenham! theses subs from walmart tho> Lol this girl is watching something on her computer and typing on her iPad. Back stage getting ready to graduate!!! I'm a tweet u my video DO YOU LIKE COOKIES? because everytime you freestyle on austream you mention them. MAKE A WHOLE FREESTYLE RAP ABOUT COOKIES :) Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!" you at the game? Ball count for me - 1 somebody bout to go metta world peace during this lexington Chester county game Sweet! How do I get started? the VW's front seats are just as bad. Ima check out the Tesla and report back. Another night on the town with Rebecca at a hockey game after dinner at in Market Square. We won the game in OT! thanks for the follow..i hope im not in trouble! *Sleeping* im tired... I only have like one? :P Haha i totally forgot! Now ive found you too. :) ": Hey girl I found you!" just left a shane and shane concert... It was great! Note sure how this early to rise routine is working out. I wanna retire by 3pm. The brewers are killing it You should make Will do it for you! I think that's part of his services. sentry immortal to hold for your expansion to kick in Heredity may play a part in the development of women’s hair loss; however, it is not really necessary Yes! That would be so awesome! is one of the many people I love seeing at robotics thanks. More to come. Rawhide Ranch Family Camp, Feb. 10-12, 2012. Learn more about it at www.rawhideranch.com I hate early classes with a passion!!!!!!!. Many have died for the right to Vote...don't make it in vain! Thinking that Espinoza gets no love b/c of our competition(?) He's a big part of the high pressure. Happy to connect on Facebook as well, Alex! :-) I have some time on my hands, so I am sharing my knowledge. You can too! Use To go food and movie night with You deleted me from your friend list. So don't blame me if I ignore your next friend request. It's a great day to bring your non-perishable food donation here for Mt Scott Pres Church -- collecting for distrib in Lents/Mt Scott/Arleta If you haven't checked out , you should. Amazing. Do you just want to DM me The Sydney Gay and Lesbian Choir (SGLC) is aiming to create the world’s largest virtual choir and wants your help. OutPostChoir is an onl MT I'm fine discussing increasing the booze excise tax, but the Sunday liquor rules are stupid. Quick Question re: Camtasia Relay: Does it have Speech to Text (voice to text transfer to create a transcript)? that's awesome I'll check it out for & & I'll check out too now that u mentioned it :) If u have. A twitter please follow----> Janice Jacques, hey dolls thinking of U & thanks for always remembering me. Hope your week is off to a good start! As per You Tube’s own terms of service notice, there are only three reasons you potentially would not be able to use You Tube for real estat What a loss! Justice Stevens retires. He will be sorely missed. Thanks, Tory! So great to meet you and your poems at come on a cone, roman reloaded, i am your leader, HOV lane and sex in the lounge #best <U+2764> Getting a haircut. we ship cookies:-) They sanging up something good! Thanks for the shout out!! RT We are loving and their #free resources! are you?! I'm thankful for all the family members packed into my parents' house, too much turkey and successfully resisting the urge to go shopping. Dangg. Im late to Ustream cause I just chased the ice cream truck down the block.. the weirdest thing about this game is two scoreless high leverage innings from Parra RT : Just TWO more days left in #caltortsmmonth! We are looking for spectacular tweets for the next two days! Awesome new web series coming this fall. Voting for the lead actresses starts next week! Helen is making pies. That is a god thing!!! We're at #ASTD2012 next week! Bob and Becky are presenting M, T and W. We're also in booth 809. Come say hi! already did(: I need someone to say "I'm proud of you and I got your back no matter what.". it's been a good run! #StayAwayFromMeIf you think All Time Low sucks well I don't think so....I'm pretty alive right now :) RT : Anecdotal evidence suggests to me that early AM tweets w links don't get RTed as much as later in day. What do you find? #Tsunami warning for CA coast, north of Point Conception, 8-9a. Waves expected to be > 1 meter. Boats in harbor will likely sustain damage. ": how old are you? I love the nyg but ive seen others win more"im assuming Rafa is younger so his tweet is awesome 4 him. closest (sane) thing we can imagine that's similar to #thehungergames is NYC's epic TOUGH MUDDER. you have to train for your training... Hi! Rosie is adorable... Heard at lunch: So, have you knit anything good lately? O'Neal: 7 more ppg, significantly higher usage % with almost the same offensive efficiency, PER of 27.0 vs. 22.0. I love this. I only wish I knew and had brought jäger for the three of us lol don't forget the pics This time she tweeted repeat to satiety Sometimes, sweet joy derives from extreme sorrow. Keep hope alive. Keep defending your right to exist in a world that seems to push you out. Maybe I'm the only person over 12 who orders them but Taco Bell cinnamon twists should be in grocery store chip aisle Crushing code & enjoying the On Air Radio show The #Phillies gave us the #AmandaBynes treatment last night, #Hit&Runs all over the place, it was so bad I almost called oh my God. Did you know there's a word for "fear of veggies?" It is Lachanophobia. Avoid this unhealthy phobia! cc "you ain't even white, you clear" Getting ready to install a home theater in Chandler for one of our best customers using for the High-definition television signal. ikr! Just tense and worn out nothing bad just norm lol The Jordan 12's they orange and white You can only live once. LOL JK, IM A CAT. Gee. I wonder where Mark Zuckerberg got the idea of asking people to invest in Facebook to "keep it free" from ;) Yeah, I was the biggest fan of Quark for like a decade. (By the way folks, kidding about 'maybe' going to #pdf12. Wouldn't miss it. And neither should you!) Seeing webinars would make me MORE want to attend conferences. <U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(2) Yeah you right! Me too! HOLY HSBDKCHBSJDY TALK ABOUT A TEASE Tomorrow night there will be a WallCast at starting at 8pm. Grab a picnic, bottle of wine and enjoy! Nicee switch up ! @ my first party of the evening. Let's see what's to eat! I love that #prison was used 3 times in this tweet. As I typed the email to , I was like, 'this dream was crazy weird.' "I smile and act like Nothing is Wrong, Its called Dealing with Shit nd staying Strong". yeah come on down bro!! I'll look into enforcement and anything Larry needs to know timorrow morning Chris and Christina Wade, may God bless you and your Holy union, in many years to come... Last night I ate roasted chicken off the bone while watching "The Walking Dead" and now I completely empathize with the sad, hungry zombies. Just left the school lol CJ playn he need to tell me cause Brian on BS Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend! If you're not too stuffed, head to LiLLiES for all-day Check out idorable.com, iPhone app I made for a buddy. It will get you laid. :) Cute kittens/puppies/etc. 1000's users already, simple UI. You know what ?? I absolutely love & <3 <3 RIP Carl Beane I always enjoy the right turns in NASCAR is it really still sold out that trick works for me! its exciting! miss you old roomie RT : 10.b. Follow your customers on Facebook, Twitter and other social media. Join forums where they may share info. #IndieMusic MP3: The Tallest Man On Earth – “1904<U+2033> Real bitches do stuff, fake bitches say shit. <U+0001F3A7> great blog - makes me hungry!! :) Luckily I lived in Manhattan, once upon a time :) why should I follow a fake ? They gutted his weird ass .. I was thinking somewhere closer to home so I can get ready for work quicker Men really suck at noticing shit. Went from bright red hair to dark brown and my dad didn't notice at all lol. its sounds good if you didn't have confidence we could get a result at home. If they hit back on a counter for 2-1 DISASTER! will u do a duetceith ?? Expensive night at Time for take three at this finish My twitter has a train robbery today. No one knows whats ganna happen next, so get ur buts off of #TWITTER!! i swear thats all u people do, o wait, thats what i do too... SORRY:) maybe next time, homey. Things got a bit hectic over the last coupla days. Maybe next time? O ok lol. Where do you work? thanks for letting me stay! It's a pleasure to chop it up with you. black boy lookin like sheasss butt um after lunch & going to 6th. weird is a compliment! I does happen. I had my first lead generated entirely by linkedin. A new prospect connected with me in linkedin to get SEO consulting Missed FF but hope you're week is off to a great start! I recommend leveraging to boost the impact of your tweets--#TY for initial inspiration. And we're off on #RORHillDay, 2012 edition! Your life is a puzzle, don't waste your time trying to place people where they don't fit - Wiz Khalifa ONE follower away from 1200. Who's it going to be?!?! yea only the previews What's around the corner?! A double-whammy 4 your candy, that's what! SouthBay 5pm CardioFlow 6pm BarWorks!! My mom dresses like a 20 year old. That's not cool. Really disturbing to me. I get ya ahaha What the hell this character is just not coming to me. hehe ik i just wanted to say it :) Helps to be on the right side lol. I want you, I can't lie yea imma run a few games wit my guy real quick tho Honey is not sweet like sugar I need to see this chick RT : Bro Jeanie in Medford is smokin Hot ... new to chicago- we just opened wednesday, but our doors are open in #lakeview and we're serving up delicious and healthy meals Hilarious! and so true! dude its not paternos fault for that chomos actions. You proved my point exactly, youre a real dumbass. Shouldve known by nwo My pants are big today xo the fit me perfect like 2 weeks ago! are places open for breakfast this morning? Lol Thanks for the RT :-) On Pinterest!! #PINNINGatEVERYTHING HA HA HA!! God wants to beat Floyd Mayweather tonight...but God is usually wrong #PhillyJazz Appreciation Day in Philly. My props to Steve Lacy who found Monk and then found his way. Today leather bag computer taken out of truck in Barrel #Lafayette LA REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked Sounds like the Orioles/Sox game is about to get weird. Then thank you for the compliment. *Politely nodding* RT if when you meet Austin, he won't be single anymore. ;) Messaging you w clearer detail. If I go to school tomorrow and someone starts making fun of Justin cuz he messed up I'll slap them. Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star. On this cinco de mayo, we enjoyed a nice all American meal... Cheeseburgers! Mix one scoop of our #salsa spices with a 14.5oz can of diced tomatoes. Chill for 30 minutes, serve, and accept compliments. one step ahead of the game! Rural areas of America created the office of sheriff. I cried too, hush! I will be sharing that vote w/ others. 'course I also share she was an earlier endorser of the Romney. And Norquist signer. "Thor" opening up in theaters everywhere May 6th. if you had more pictures like that I would read this A LOT more=-) that looks yummy We miss you. :( My vagina, not yours Thanks, Nick. But that hurts: I'm a Patriots fan. (Lived for 40 years in Boston.) Law & Order SVU Marathon>>> About to see #BeatsRhymesAndLife. "We're on an award tour..." Off the Pitch with is nothing short of brilliant. Peeing my pants laughing. More cowbell and more Ken Puckett! I did not buy a mega millions ticket. I figure someone else needs the money to tear their family apart more than I do I'll pass that along for ya (: I think that's where my older brother used to live! Small world :) And are you not buying tickets then? I was the exact same way... How am I at a bbq and I can't eat 0_0 :) You're welcome!! thanks cuzzzzz! U da fuckin best. Wouldn't know what or where I would be without you. Real fuckin talk <U+0001F618> I love you. Your tweets are makinq me D.e.a.d ! i found the most amazing product for curly hair w/no alcohol and totally natural...i feel like im doin a commercial lol neways i love it! Love how guys say "When I want something I go after it.!" & they're called competitive.When a woman says it, she's called a b. Ryans makes me feel so much better either Tulloch/Lofton would have. But wait -- Tebow to NYJ and S. Payton suspended? My tv isn't even on <U+274C><U+0001F4FA> Everyone needs to quit hatin on he is the hottest artist right now for a reason... I cried today because of Austin leaving Texas and tomorrow I'll be crying listening to I do that to all the time. She just ignores me though and I curl up on my pillow. with this fucking prick alex nemechek First stop for the Queen.....starbucks...venti soy caramel macchiato extra caramel stirred.. Make way RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed." glad you like it so far... It gets really emotional I'm about to tear up this veggie omelet m Welcome back football. You were never missed (yet). time to b up to no good again lol thank you sweetie! #ISFChristmaslove to you too!!! I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies. In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed .... congratulations bob You guys Rock! All Kerr's appreciate a good Laker :p “: At least Kerr and Marv appreciate MWP.” Lol my wire from my braces snapped in half and my dentist was all like "what?? Thats the first time ive seen that happen!!" if greed isn't good hon then maybe you should explain the rumors about your bedtime exploits!! girls want some too love!! i still owe you something from back in the day haha I miss him, like crazy ! let's go McIlroy DO IT, you'll look bomb. ;) Don't forget to pick up a #WSJ today & find our #BoBNow Ad, page B-5! thanks!! Make sure you vote for Vancouver in our Facebook poll :) I Cried When I pierced my nose. hahaha look at that cutie! Tweeters at the rally tomorrow: use hashtag #pnonukes when tweeting from the rally! *LOL* So Them Analyst Saying Clips No Chance Vs Spurs- Fuck Dat When A Team Led By #CP3 Anything Possible #GOCLIPS We Can Do It. hmm but duke is always apart of the team I'm looking for a job in Portland, OR in purchasing, admin., or marketing If you're on the "he's gay" side of the debate, you win. But you knew that... ;) Preservation strategies that involve large areas of geographic Priest Lake - Northern Idaho I wonder what is cooking Whenever I need to smile, I have a 1:15 clip of one of my best friends dancing and belting out "Born to Run" and that never fails haha Oh jeeze. Last sem, someone in my class blamed the recession on Native Americans and the Amish not paying taxes. Seriously?! Spelling, all of you! Kindergarten reunion??!?!?! I've gained like 100 pounds since then. No way I'm showing up!!!! Wow, so sore from rock climbing last night. Just started last week and my body is really having a hard time adjusting to the new hobby. DigitalStakeout is now assisting in the Lisa Stone case. Check them out on twitter. We are confident that this case will be solved soon! Rediscover #Prairietown We kept what you always loved about 1836 Prairietown and made it more interactive & engaging than ever before! Thanks for the kind mentions & RTs Best of weekends 2 you The tix will be under Rusty Rollison at will call! Enjoy!! There is a shockingly good sushi bar in the Detroit airport. At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. Plato Recording VO auditions. Not used to doing it at night, voice feels off. Chillin bout to watch a movie. Netflix time haha US intellectual history. I have Hollinger & Capper, Metaphysical Club, Pauli Murray and others When life isnt reason enuf 2 respect the living, will be content w/our own lives being on the wrong side of a societal cost/benefit analysis PYT trending because of michael or something else? Found god on google earth.. i knew he was real Anyone ever notice the word “die” in diet?! Two days of doing nothing but reading my novel was worth every minute. After 14 rewrites, I still had some inconsistencies. Petr Nedved still plays hockey. How about that. MT : Petr Nedved’s 3rd period marker turned a tie game into a Czech win vs Latvia Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored. oh no I won't! Revolucion crates changes in our system of living waking up visualizes better future in our life system. I DM'd you, hit me up later tonight! And the #Wranglers extend their lead to 2-0 w/ a PPG by w/ 5:30 left in the 2nd period. That's a disgusting thing to say to anyone. Now you look like an idiot. Way to go. All i ever wants was to act on my attraction, i never meant to hurt you thats just my natural reaction is bad I got a hair cut and now I can't just put my hand behind my back on the top of my jeans and touch my hair. I have to reach for it now...WAH. that wasn't so bad. cool. I wanna delete myself from this world, it would make so many people so much happier. LOL. "Hes lucky i didnt throw this f*cking remote at him" I met you last night in my dream! You sang at a Yankee game. Coolest dream ever! Better than when I shopped with Hilary Duff!! there are others. Anonymous just seems to make no exceptions and takes no prisoners, imo. Maybe that's why it seems that way. How are you going to mentor this candidate? shake shake shake. missed moving with you #sxwi this year. let's make up for it at ALA or Monterey. No i didnt i say bluu waffle separate Hey don't you worry none, is safe warm and dry. Special Follow Friday thanks to Happy Mother's Day to you Betina! You and are raising some amazing little people! Listening to kentucky basketball on the radio is really boring when we're up by 19 Tune in tonight 5PM EST live interview on Houston, TX w/Jeff Kelly thanks man it's good to be back in Cali. I wanna meet so bad, I think she's an absolute doll! I've seen promos for #Alphas but none for #Haven when is it coming back? Informal learning and preschools within museums will become a bigger deal. There's such positive thinking about current programs Not a Playa I just Crush Alot. Attention - The quickest way to get a lot of individual attention is to make a big mistake. ACM Invades Bricktown was a major SUCCESS! Great bands and some dedicated (albeit a bit wet at times) fans made it a great night. I can live with that =) So excited! Is it really Wednesday already? I'm still on Monday! #1ofmyflaws I care too much. I'm.going to.beat this bitch up I got a stain on my shirt -_- sometimes people dont know when to quit God has a plan remember when you watched me have sex via skype? Haahaha RT 2 me 2 Carmen. Stopped me in my tracks. did a great report on stigma. This brought it home again. I have Facebook friends who make rap music/videos. Everyone feeds their egos. They're just as terrible as those girls. That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x peggy fleming BIDEN misunderstands SUPREME COURT & thinks ORAL ARGUMENTS is something U do, trying to get a blow... I think she'll likely come out wearing only a terrible towel. That's what I'd do. We were 1 once, but nvr again, the past is behind us and our grand future is waitin to come girl! I know that's right!! Happy 37th birthday to the best an baddest linebacker EVER Mr. Ray Lewis. I love you more!!!!! And that blonde stripper who I would do up and down Hahaha anyways I'm so glad I got to see you monkey haha u know it(; I thought you had Polish in you (Insert awesome joke) Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Vanity is a mortgage that must be deducted from the value of a man". Twinning rocks! What a great night at the Palace Theatre Newark with the Ransome Reunion Band. hey i miss u and Kayla Im glad the Fakers lost. This. RT : STARTUP IDEA: invent a printer that isn't a complete piece of shit. Thx! and great list! I want a relationship like in the country music videos Not feelin this fake follower shit stone cold steve austin :P Day off, hellz yeah. Remember to reconcile each month's bank statement to QBO before u go to the next month Heffa Don't Get Snatched Up Lol uhmmm i was busy working on science olympiad stuff or i would've looked it up. #ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo wear a tube top when the back of your neck looks like a pack of hotdogs. Tackle box Part 3 - saltwater fly reels I'm game. I've actually never been there, don't tell I could also go for some Broken Yolk. u, 2 broke girls tonight? Ya it was! like princeton and his curly hair Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me! kay i followed can u follow me back? Life sucks without chocolate.... Just got chased by a dog on the side of the road If you go into the #Big10Expo knowing what job you are applying for/interested in cover letter is a great idea. If not, follow up online! Autumn statement appears to be good news for east midlands and hopefully us with A453, the Lincoln bypass and other schemes given go ahead Sorry for the delay folks....Revo SD website is coming very soon. We can almost taste it. Stay tuned.... - How close do you think 's theory of networked resilient communities parallels understanding of population ecology? #artpolitics origin already spectral. Alternative to linear history, the retromania of pop culture: sampling comes to term with inability Never give up. Never, never give up!. We shall go on to the end. ~ Winston Churchill Why are my neighbors so loud today? Heeeeeyyyy! Tomoro's my 40th birthday and I wish I could blink n have u guys appear to rock my party Memphis-style!!! Fo real! #RIPTHERUNWAY....Looking to see my friend on there. "For what human ill is not dawn an alleviation."-- Thornton Wilder God put HERBS on this Earth to heal us! Happy Birthday!! they just started the pics of KS2 at - haven't seen Sasha's class yet but I'll keep an eye out :) hahaha um sorry i don't have any advice for that :/ I just got it. U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game. Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out! Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it! /cc Our first interview with Adam Ruben just set a traffic record for Post Academic. Thank you for visiting! Part 2 is tomorrow. Happy Easter everyone! Cooked, got church in, worshiped, ate Qdoba, watched hoops, napped and can't wait for fam dinner at my bro's place! Dear , really? U trespassed on my property, entered my backyard while we weren't home-to install your smart meter? Why are people on Bye week included in the ESPN rankings?? yea listen my sister just died so i really dont wanna talk to anyone sorry for the trouble that causes u #YouveDoneItToo darting while running See on FB from Irish fellow: "When you come, bring some teabags. We like to drown them in boiling water over here." LOVE IT! damn it well I just have to get rid of you bah. time for May theatre-going panic attack. Thank you thank you THANK YOU! for writing this. RT'ing now hm, that sounds legit as hell! when u want me to come?!?! tossing coupons like frisbees $15 off the swim system "JuliusCAESEAR" www.h2ofriendly.com I recently had "cannibalism"... I think it was on a Yahoo CAPTCHA. Sounds like a trending topic to me. flying to CanCun tonite on the RedEye spending Easter on the Beach!!! Happy Easter weekend all! can you follow me back pleasee AWWW! You guys are too cute! "You should be playing Sims and trying to figure out how I can move in." - #Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life Cintolo, DiMasi's lawyer, emphasizing days in which there were no calls between Lally and Excuse me...I'm sorry to bother you...but I just had I tell you... love your voice. -_____- you obviously think its a joke then Next you move on to Murphey's Millenium Brew? Looks like Ill be helping this lady with her carry on of 12 cream puffs, as she sat next to me. Either that or I hand her a biz card? persistent mofo, stop. Should be at the strip club getting a lap dance, but I ddint want to drive :/.. Its a bad red bone there and man oh man it would have been 1 Which developments, M? Sorry, whatever it is! I know right ! at the CIO roundtable. kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv RT : RT : Did anyone else from Texas have trouble with the Tax Exempt forms at the Aloft? congrats and keep it up! dude what the fuck is up? haha I haven't talked to you in forever #americanhorrorstory = #stoopid s t o o p i d . We hope you love it! and not probably healthier...definitely healthier! Enjoy the g-f goodies & thanks for your support! better do something. Would be nice to have CP3 lol I gotta get #marypoppins magic! and all the #MtIda girls too. Thanks for the mention, Peter! Happy Monday :-) Carol, thanks for following! i'm finished with finals!!! sophmore year COMPLETE!! That moment when your telling a story to someone only to look at them and they're gone. I Hate Brushing My Teeth And Then Getting Hungry. -____- There are probably some very inexpensive items at the Colts team store right about now. Woah. Another bad day with my bullies Cambridge Semantics Wins Best in Show at 2012 BioIT World Conference - San Francisco Chronicle (press release) Great presentation today! I loved your annecdotal brand advocate story with Wants a summer job but doesn't know what to do. HAPPY EASTER SUNDAY thank the lord for another YEAR WITH THE FAM Lets go Brewers! Bring on beast mode! This is very true, and I am a guy I don't understand. How can EVERY auto insurance company offer lower premiums than EVERY OTHER one? It is not logically possible. Oh is that why he's like that. Consider the territory marked Alice. {winks & giggles} Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left. Suicide Bomber anyone? oh, hmm. (who knows.) Good morning, how is everyone doing? Laughing hysterically at gender jokes. The students are getting the idea that it is ok to laugh too. in, hip-hop is like a WWE Tag Team Wrestling matchplease retweet Hey, are you open to working with agencies for these roles? Church in the a.m. giving thanks for HIS blessings. Jazz rehearsal then an r&b hit Center in the evening. Which HR applications does your company use? Does it currently meet the needs of ALL your stakeholders? he should say an educated populace helps create jobs. - "We three temps of Travail are, finding work we travel so far, field and fountain, moor and mountain, following TRAVAIL star.". Keller on the poetry of Evelyn Riley: thermoplastic must become a part of our understanding of the mesh, the world's manifold. Work is never done still up mixing this song awww but that's what makes it interesting!! oh no! Well please stay away from bridges tomorrow:( I wanted to see you Wednesday ya know.. "You've changed" No actually I think the proper term is "I've stopped trying to please you." AAHHH. Love is in the air... BIG TIME. (; lmaoo yess!! we need to improve that though a lot! that's awesome! Haha! Anyone who knows me well knows how I love Monkees... and Davy Jones was def one of my favorite... R.I.P. They just read your tweet on the livestream. :) cool, hit you when we get back to LA o girl my weave itch ... pat pat pat pat hhaha rollin on the floor yes/no? Their 'low Eb' has a picture with a design of a 'low C' BClar...call them and their are not sure how to clear up. :-/ my man miss my boy #yourthebest because you a beautiful girl that doesn't need to show of to be recognized Kourosh Tazmini feat. Anda Adam - Can U Feel Love (Official Video HD) If tomorrow all the things were gone, I’d worked for all my life. And I had to start again, with just my family and my fight.... I hate rest days! Drives me nuts! Lol I love when my dad tries to ground me. I don't think he fully understands what a 'grounding' is. will do <3 My big plans for the afternoon involve making rice krispie treats. is just adorable thanks for the RT, go .We are hiring drivers! Interested? Send a an email to carrie at wehaveyourfood.com for more information! Won't jump off a cliff, but still feeling pretty 'eh' about it. Judge now composing thoughts before issuing ruling. Standard Desert Kooler ... You can get em back tomorrow .. Good Luck #Lovin' #life and, #im #living #life too th #fullest #:) CieraMariexoxo Attention Families! In June Milwaukee Public Museum is having a slumber party where you can learn all about the great state of... Go Credenza Crazy! www.midcenturymobler.com U obviously have never been to my hometown RT Why don't you ever see ... horses wearing funny hats, wagering on people races? looking forward to seeing those photos. A woman was just in all decked out from GON-gorgeous turquoise headpiece and all. lol you don't do that on the regular?? Man I did bro #roscoeschickenandwaffles off the chain RT : Dont hurt yourself bro....lol! Thank you for a successful 2011 LiveText Assessment Conference..stay tuned for more updates on upcoming events: www.livetext.com Dear real estate agents, calling me Honey is totally not cool. Thanks! Beyond sage and wise words which we need to be reminded of often. It's good to have you back! Hey we'll be performing on May 8th! Plz RT & check us out! missed that tweet you sent! But yes we are classmates in this educational life ;-) Whose gonna be watching the Ufc in fox this evening? What are your picks for tonight? So know they are re-scaning my whole order. Been at check stand for a @#$%&*? Hour!!! And I still don't thing #Walmart has it right! thanks for da love! ;) I'll still be writing sports, but I'll be writing a bit less frequently like 3 times a week as opposed to every day luv that song 10 things I hate bout u He just gave me something to think about umm....who lied to you... Ok now water, only cause the beer is gone. I need an assistant that has the same ear for music.... You did once Jason it was u only have one sip dude we did.it all I just finished a 4.08 mi run with a pace of 9'30"/mi and a time of 38:48 with Nike+ GPS. Oh. Buddy. You need to not do that again. Hasn't been the same for me since they dropped Teddy Pendergrass' version. I'm turning down deals like I Don't Need The Paper.... Game 4 Van vs. LA So.. Im bouta go get my damn school supplies! Smh.. -_-. Ex boyfriends -___- Maddow Coming to Milwaukee, I'm Going. I'm also a 21 year old Assembly candidate for Wisconsin. I'd love to talk to her/ask... Bass & drums recorded for new demo. Next up: Guitars! i want some supplies if ya know what i mean This weekend was the craziest weekend ever. I love my life so much. I guess if my dad won't go to the driving range with me, the second best thing we can do is watch the yankees<U+0001F603> Ugh. Arrived 1 min late! You're evil! Now I don't feel so bad about sending you out for (xmas party) space heaters 2 years ago! :) So stoked to chill with everyone on warped tour! Yup! but imma eat ice cream so I'm good :) (Insert girlish scream here). #AmazingSpiderMan looks...well...amazing. Yet another beautiful day dismantled by the terrible work that I must fill it with... We are on our way to Orange County to play the Orange County Gladiators. Tip off time for the game is 6:00Pm Dessert after a show??? Juicy #cornbread of course. : It is interesting the things you find out about you family isn't it! thanks! Will do. Buffalo Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts following productive off-season Really enjoyed my self at the christmas party wit my fam:) When sophomores try to be louder than the juniors & seniors idk, im about to eat and do some packing, just depends what i get done Your provision is hidden until you act on the vision that has been given - Daughter With Destiny Love it RT : Overdramatic Umpires #mynewbandname (via ) totally works #3rdleg “: Breaking: withdrew from the WGC-Cadillac Championship with a left leg injury. An Idahoan man was arrested, and gave the arresting officer a name that differed from the surname tattooed on his forearm. So it looks like more SPAM is coming from my SideWinder email account. Looks like they are spoofing the address and not actually hacking in. ": I could never work at Chickfila. I'm too much of a bitch. But kudos to those nice people. #lifeofaprincess" Wet t shirt contest need we say more ? Sign ups for fed hill and hampden end on 7/7 (baltimorebocce.com) Nice, I knew you would like it!! our first piece of fan art!! We love it!! im glad have a safe weekend In other news chris moyles snogged sinitta + Omero drunkenly left the hamster cage open + one of them is loose in the flat Einstein said if he had 1 hr to save the world he would spend 55 min defining the problem & 5 min finding the solution -credit wikiHow feed #ReasonsToLoveTexas = Janie's Record Shop in San Antonio. Great selection! If the recording still exists, she can help you find it. Thanks for the props! Sounds like I have allergies, then, but I don't know what's causing it. Hm. nothing witty? Are u sick ? Have you eaten lately ? Linda McMahon is the only one that has one - #CAN Snack! Got the best purple line conductor who jokes the whole ride home seriously! The door has been broken so they've been leaving it open, apparently someone took advantage shiiiid. Just got off stage. Lounging. Wbu? tragic I guess I lost ur number on september 4th a long with a lot of other people. My bad! did u c the Avengers? It just occurred to me that the last two weeks have been the worst ever. Not coincidentally, I also haven't seen my kids in two weeks. We are looking for several of our Prize Pack Winners to Feature on New Country Star! E-mail your photos to wtf get outta here Hanging out with a cutie tomorrow! I said HELLO!!! These tobacco commercials trip me out I need to know the rest of the stuff on the test since I missed class! LA rainy day = visit a museum or gallery. We're partial to LACMA's #PSTinLA exhibition Saddest Desperate Housewives ever! Mike dying breaks my heart :( Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob! not if that has to last us thru injuries all year! Need to sign Ndata long term!! That north north, that up top, that OV & that XO <3 #drake I think i'm in love.. <3 #transportationchoices "Transportation policy IS health policy" thanks. We'll inquire. Last day of work before #ala11! This ALA conference newbie is ready to get her nerd on. Glad to see that Choo was facing #ClassicMattCapps and not a love you betchhh. <U+0001F609> That moment when you're short and feel tall when you can reach something and tall and cant reach something. Waiting on slow people<<< Words on my mind time to write a rhyme. and more land! I hate ticks...first one in my pupy this year...the little nasty buggers Thanks! RT : I really enjoy getting out of my office for a lunch respite #SanDiego get food, drink, ambience Tobias G. Smollett~ Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a fall. Now that the holiday season is over I can start thinking about seeing some live music in 2011. Any concert suggestions? freaky girl! Love you BFF!! Any working parents who need something educational for their children to do during the summer...check out LELC's "Summer Day Camp" We give our children two things. One is roots, and the other is wings. Idnt even know ! WE WANT AN 8-HOUR #CICLAVIA! RT IF YOU WANT IT!!!! man you are making me jealous! Did you go catch some Spring Training baseball down there yet? ": Don't be upset and caught up in something you cannot change. Instead move on and smile. You deserve to be happy." FEEL BETTER TIP: Simply stay present. Don't fight it. Gently bring your focus on things that feel good. snap yea ghost was my favorite one until I unlocked marathon and lightweight pros lol I feel like I have, um, TOO many thoughts to encapsulate them in a paper? I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA. Please do not treat me as a thief. Deal w/copyright infringement democratically. Join us tomorrow night for our 3rd 'Steampunk Thursday" w/ music by & tasty treats by : Jayd don't get mad if I tell you this. Me:okayy. Sam: your armpits smell really good. Both of us:hahahahaha Getting ready to go live @ 10pm with my 50th radio show of "SALSA ES LO QUE HAY" Go to and join me! LETS GO!!! Ask all the players who will use it for degree completion or other educational purposes. Seems pretty shortsighted on your part. “: I will slay your friends and family...with my jokes at our engagement dinner tomorrow.” do we share the same bday? Yay. It's my 27th today! Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012 - San Francisco Chronicle (press release) nice beer pong performance tonight. Tomorrow we shall overcome our disappointing loss with a monster win! I'm coming for you one direction... Liz Engelman's new word: haikeet, a haiku that is tweeted from Hedgebrook. Thanks, Lorna. I hope so! Just heard the news! Congratulations, Ansley! So proud :) Q's 4th grade Music Night... I got kicked out for being nice No rest for the wicked... Long night so far with a sick puppy... What up everyone - it was epic!!!! More diddys to come!!! Xoxo shyt they have it at a couple places. Its not common though. Eye HATE that shyt. Especially when eye don't know the usen it Throwing away things that remind you of someone you don't even talk to anymore. For sure Game of Thrones! i hope you have a concert closer to Kentucky, i really like you& your singing, you have a great talent!! haha, <U+263A> I'm ready to come back home ! enough already! 8 spam emails in 1 hour is not ok! I was over it at 1 per day. Who do I contact to be removed from list? broke out the vintage synths this weekend to put together some early-80s-style film score pieces. children are not for me right now LOL It is. It's just one of those books where you read the first two lines and immediately know you're in good hands. Love that! How is that possible if the existence of communism means the disappearance of the state? When we live our questions, life will give us the answers. PAUL MARTIN CURRENTLY HAS MORE PLAYOFF GOALS THAN ANY CAPITALS PLAYER The ache of loss is difficult to bear, and often the worst part is the fear that nothing exists behind the ache except a void. Great presentation! Thanks, John! You're totally awesome! (And we both know it!) ;) BlackBerry Music Gateway Uses NFC to Stream Audio - PC Advisor thank u! and i wish u a good day also! Yes, unfortunately. your not here !!! I want my cheese cake medina !! Yum, Tim Riggins maybe now i can focus on making myself happy :) Alright, that was the last one. Veteran writer adds big pen to New Media team Follow Us Please??(: Indeed. At the very least his argument puts all sexual accountability on women. Omg there is a girl scout cookie kiosk at the mall wow It's a real horror. Thanks for bringing it to my attention :S I wanna thank all the dads who ACTUALLY act like dads , this day is for you. <3 reading the boys' thank you notes that are on the cover of the album.Im like bawling :') Great fun w/ good friends. Thx , , , kareemomary and others. Oh yeah. I would also like to thank for all the awkward moments experienced at #SPN #Chicon ....so thank you Misha. Thank you. Beer pong with Just like old times. The Obama Levin McCain GULAG Bill (AKA the NDAA) self authorization to commit conspiracy against American constitution, punishable by law. one page left! I'm going to bed! Sorry Havent Been On :/ but im a tumblr hoe now ;D jkjkjk! I saw the girl at HOB. I think the guys pretend they don't know of the crazies @ M&Gs 2 not cause a scene. Just my opinion though! Missed Calls: 15 |New Unread Text Messages: 23 |Hours Late To Both: 2 |Reason: Twitter!! \(>_<)/ hey! I saw that your a hip hop dancer?!(: I am myself (well a just a dancer, but hip hop is my fav) soo Hmu boiiii(: Before you open your mouth make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say. My momma always told me if I didn't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all! Guess I'm not talking for a few days!!! I'm afraid to click the link.... no I belong to 24 hr Baseball is just track practice now..... :p He's done that before. A blessing actually. MT Hawk Harrelson does not say a word for 63 seconds following walk-off homer Putting my plan in motion #SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring. Congrats & thanks to award winners for all your amazing work. Welcome new prez ! thank you for following! Puppies are born without teeth. Puppies develop a full se of primary teeth by 3 weeks of age (28 in total) lol jk i knew you had followed me before it was just funny getting an email about it now Groupon just defaulted my home city to Wichita. So, that's peculiar. It's Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio Get ur lashes done 21621 8mile Detroit Mi The lash studio for the glamour girl Hello guys, thank you Prolly go see dereck jetter play tomorrow at yankee stadium Suprised that Man U lost today.... Thanks to everyone who made it out for last night's Open Book Club discussion of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test! call up to the AD office and have them hold 2-or just get there early and you should be fine-game is at 7-maybe get there at 6:30 same here oh, it's much funnier not to tell!<U+0001F609> I'll teach you stats in 20 minutes... LUSH BATH. Serious obsession. meh, if it fixes the stuff you broke in the previous release.. I'm for it ;) Izturis crushed that ball. Watching da all star game how are all of yall doing Glad I had a chance to kinda relax today. #NowPlaying –DJ John Rizzo – TV Rock –Diamonds in the Sky Low key Rihanna's new jam liven that beat tho. A great pursuit! Wonderful orientation! Amazing what you find even hidden, tarnished, misshapen or abandoned. Redeemable! Don't sell urself short. U r Amazing!! The photographer's job is easy taking ur pics! Stunning!! trying out to be an Ice crew girl!!! Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang! Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable! thank you very much! I'm very proud of the progress it is making! The first 50 people out at Anejo's tonight get free chips & salsa to go with bottomless ice water! The Rangers couldn't even beat that deal! please follow me The heismans have been removed from the cases. Reggie's should also be here... blames being cold on his head's tiresome habit of losing up to 30% of his body heat. good job, there, head! If I were Manning I'd pick Tenn or SF. At this point...they're simply closer to winning a title than the Broncos are. Awe ya #mobwives ;) I wasn't gonna drink 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish & this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass! I just had a dinner party. I felt so grown up until I realized I didn't have enough plates or utensils. i wish you the best, good luck boo. weezy f, for fuck you. Gotcha. I should be down there around 6. Hmu when you get down there What do YOU picture equality to look like? Try to reduce your foorprint daily. P.S. They are ridiculous. Why are people so selfish? Want others to feel their pain or want others to have less than them... History of economics lecture = 3 iced green teas Tackling is fundamental. #Eagles woes continue. TD thank you for taking such good care of us! and this is one of the many reasons why I love ya xx :))) I'm saying fuck it, get the Benz. I only live once Jay reatard doc at the roxie RIGHT NOW! poor real estate investment to begin with especially if you know you might be in the mood to throw stones someday. #ward5se #dclc As daughter of a Black mother/Puerto Rican father, & mom of 2 children that attend bilingual schools, ty for today's event. RT : When things don't go your way, remember they are going God's way, which is better for u than your way! Let go & have fun! we'll let it slide this time. Not eating warm, vanilla-spiked waffles encased in caramelized pearl sugar is punishment enough! "I’ll never know what the listener gets, what the listener feels, and that’s too bad.” -John Coltrane you bring a bottle and that could happen lol Wowzers, I had no idea. i like sweet talkers cant even lie! but i always know when your bullshitting me!. how so? always nice getting special visits/appearances from you at happy mothers day to all the mothers out there! Procrastination is the thief of time. - Chinese Proverb Got my car hand washed yesterday only to wake up to it covered in pollen this morning - Thanks for following, pretty #Pittsburgh ladies! there are a few good ones. I believe it is important for people to create a healthy mental environment in which to accomplish daily tasks Notre dame and usf in ot.... I want #nd in the #befinals nothing like avenginging our one loss on the way to 39-1. Funemployment=lots of lazing about and an erratic sleep schedule. Not as fun as it sounds. I need to get busy! About30 days left b4 New York!! SuperXcited but got lots of projects2wrap b4 I leave. Lets see how much I can get n b4 takeoff...ha! ah gotcha. Thanks for the great response as always! What happened? 'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise? I think I might like him...:) Stars aren't born. They're made. YES! Can't wait to root on our girl in the National Champs! <3 There's a Country Legends station in Houston. W.countrylegends971.com :) could use Criteria Checklist from CHIN's Collections Management Software Review - its outdated but something like that . . . 2012 looking bleak again, another opportunity slowly slipping away, can't believe this is happening Bottom line When Barrons prints in its cover "Buy Oil" Short as fast as you can for a cinch trade... 's Christmas song had me totally in stitches! Love I can't wait to try it! Full faith in my music but I was always tought to have a plan B just surprised me with flowers. At work. Just because. <3 haha I wouldn't be surprised good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :-) I urge everyone to support the Innocence Project get innocent wrongly convicted people out of prison. Support DNA testing. Now that the #FF barrage is over, once again: it's Fu*kin' Friday, Follow your Heart! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!?! ALMOST #500KMAHOMIES THAT'S CRAZY RIGHT!?! :D #imagine you and Zayn are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Zayn: then let's go to the bathroom ;) Im just sayin Reverie - Don't Forget To Shine > Thanks for the cupcake! . Salted caramel = Best cupcake I've ever had!! . I wish I was that brave... You know what never fails to be time well-spent? A cup of coffee with 's Smart guy, great heart. Lol.. I bet. & poor cam is always the smallest but he right along with the others ...w/irresponsible people. Y do that to yourself? It's too easy to avoid. Listening to talk about threats to civil liberties in the 2012 session. And I thought tax policy proposals were crazy How do you get 100 Jews into a Volkswagen Beetle? Two in the back, Two in the front and ninety six in the ashtray! And the parking lot assaults! RT : Now I can watch the Giants / Dodgers game on MLB.TV. Nice Hey! Let us know what you think of them :) welcome to the city! :) If music be the food of love, play on. -Shakespeare. so do i, i need one People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite.... Frustrate me... Nope..thats your job..u made it..u clean it! #Responsibility...Giggity! RT : better clean that up :)~* Oh pfft your welcome(; YOUR CUTE :P... and it's now ok to eat at 910. They just stopped serving foie gras. AMEN!!! RT : Because it's time #Sacramento was known for what we CAN do, not for what we cannot. Car got towed, accidentally called someone I did NOT want to call due to phone issues, hooked up with my neighbor = Lame weekend Agreed! I'd love to see it in person! im too short to drive. so i have a car that i dont even get to use that much! that was Crosby all's good My race defines me... Brown is beautiful, I'm rich in culture and the suffering of my race has me the person I am today STRONG ... Appreciate it Pal. what did you end up getting Eric? Also, thanks for sharing the #fashion event. We have discount codes if you want definitely not! I hate when niggas talk foul nd slick Maybe that's what DSK's nasty ass was doing when he did that to that poor hotel maid!! says truth can prove guilt and innocence and dna is the state of the art tool for doing that of course man. Props need to be given, when props are due. Keep doing your thing. The Rangers vs #Orioles record 30-3 game is in jeopardy tonight... I got a freaking hug from Martin Broda tonight!(: then i went and cried.. best fucking concert ever Happy Birthday!!! :) My cat is very talkative!!! I just cranked 's "Bandaid" and gave away tickets to Gabrielle Naples of Salem on O always love the #SXSW tweets. My Theory #SXSW is where Twitter first took off in 4 years ago. Is that true? Live @ My Photo shoot I'm giving thanks that my daughter comes home in 5 hours and 22 minutes...yes, I'm counting! Guess I'm back on my water diet. Bored who wanna talk Dm me :) I don't get Taco Bell wanting patrons to give their name rather than assigning a number. Let's not bring identities into this shameful act. The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good. ~ Ann Landers yea , i guess ! Who's eaten silkie chicken? No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this a They call me mellow yellow it's milky. follow me please so i'm not so bored while i'm working :( follow history in the makin Just emailed to see if he'll give a lecture at Berkeley. Does someone actually read those form emails? Fingers crossed! challenges - finding time to work on implementation, testing and data cleanup in addition to normal work You in the room? Let's make a plan. So come on put your hearts up yeah, come on put your hearts up yeah, if we give a little love maybe we can change the world <3 Thanks for sharing the #SunStandStill quote. Have a blessed day and weekend. ^staff Great meeting you this weekend ! Now I can finally believe Matt when he says he has a legitimate job... I was starting to wonder can't wait to rock out with you guys tonight at Fireday with ! Thanks for the shout-out, Sassy Girls!! It's appreciated. Zae talks about everything. That is the stupdist walgreens commercial I've ever seen (Not to each other, but to the 1st house/ASC.) Both of Mars' ascendants are linked to difficult places in the chart. I should pack. I'm just sitting here starring at my bag...why can't it pack itself?? aw thanks! So glad you're a customer! :) We'll be at til 5pm! is about to speak and have a book signing! So excited to be at "listen to your mother" DC to see Elena from Ciao Mom!! Headed to EMMA WATSON DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A SAM I ALREADY HATE EVERYTHING Wake up world think positive because a positive + a positive = positive. Meaning positive thoughts positive results!!!!!!!! did you sweat it out lastnight? I'll go with you if you like it! XO going to see #womaninblack with <33 haha that was funny! Oh man, that sounds good! I might need to stop by and shoot round 2 of the testimonial in order to get a slice ;) It's a non-conference game, not included in Cal's 9-game conference schedule. oh i never thought i'd see the day when someone was thankful for CisionPoint - yikes! Anne Hathaway to play Catwoman in "The Dark Knight Returns'. Good for her, she'll make Catwoman even sexier, def has the acting chops. Man gets media like fired up and laughing. Think is right it was his grammar. Meant all This is the first game that I've really felt more on edge every time theres a scoring chance. Feels like low-scoring game, today. I had one customer at the quilt shop today. In all seven hours! They bought 1 yard of fabric. But I sewed a ton! Dallas is better. 11 I Could Make A Wish~ If I could Erase my mistakes, and fulfill my DESTINY:-) !! Challenge of creating something this is the creation of "Unified Medical Language System" which interrelates concepts in an ontology Going to try to use this Twitter thing again!!! :) happy holidays to you too! Thanks for the RT. Have a wonderful evening! Someone just won $100 in their empanada... Might or might not have more of that to come. Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with. come on. you know you want to ... all the cool kids are doing it. if you don't believe it, just ask them. ;-) I've created a MONSTER #PR is a very intimidating profession. People w/ disabilities can work in PR, but I feel many don't feel it's an option for them. There's a way to avoid randomness in socializing when you're online. Don't do it. Follow a few people you have nothing to "gain" from. hey you!! I have an upper limit, too. If I see that someone tweets 30+ times a day, I usually won't follow, no matter how interesting. I love watching Fresh Prince of Bel-Air on my lunch break :) Bought SHAMWOW cloths to protect my camera in rain/snow Works well but the frantic SHAMWOW huckster that comes with it is annoying on shoots Beautiful fog all over this city and all I'm seeking is clarity of purpose. black hawk down is definitely one of my favorites Oh Chase Bank! How i love when trying to buy gas, only to find my card will be inactive for an hour while you "update your systems"... Do you read every fan mail that you get sent? ;) Energy Focus, Inc. Wins $1 Million Ohio Development Grant to Support the Development of Low Cost IntelliTube(TM) Light Sensor you are great!! Nap time was.glorious Good point: MT kyleejohnson a5: "social" use of cloud and "educational" use of cloud is different. What a GREAT win for the CLIPPERS tonight against Okla City . Can't wait for the playoffs to begin. ClLIPS are the hottest team in the NBA Those are amazing! When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. - Lao Tzu “It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”—Mark Twain Oh that sounds a bit harsh.. I better add a smiley face to that shit. Just heard a string quartet version of "Such Great Heights" at a cafe and I hereby revoke every nice thing I've said about New York In 2011, only 15% of #DC apartment building managers were willing to lower rent for a tenant, down from 69% in 2009. that sounds lovely, ! Don't ever act like your shit doesn't stink! Maybe so, I thought I was being clever! Shucks. Countdown. Drumroll please... Walter speaks at CANDLES every Friday, 1-4pm. We invite you to come and learn about this important history from an eyewitness. 3: stare at him for a while and suddenly start sing 'just the way you are' as you grab him and start dancing with him. sandless sandbags-Use for movie props.. 50 bags weigh 40lbs..Lightweight to carry to the set. hose down and bags will inflate. green product we're looking for marathon and 1/2 marathon coaches in the Milwaukee area, any chance you might have some suggestions for us? “: “: Please tell me Joshua Ledet didnt get voted off?!!” Wait, WHY?!” yes he did SMH TY for the Shout OUt ! Hope your Friday has been great! Little victories add up to big wins!!! Thanks for the follow Stand For c<U+0313><U+0259>sna<U+0294><U+0259>m (cusnaum)! :) dope! If i could score free tickets I'd go. Paid for nice seats on Friday so it'll be a one game trip for me. Thanx for being there and for the kind words. #IWantABoyfriend that is my bestfriend, who I can talk to(: The Easter marks the official start of wearing your Spring wardrobe. Remember to keep polished and professional. You can't cheat your way to a great workout. The sweat soaked T-shirt, or its absence, tells the tale. Have #shortsale client w/ 2nd #mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do?? Barack Obama was the first sitting senator to win election to the presidency since John Kennedy... Losing an hour of sleep. smh let's leave the house already shiiiiittttttt Great!!! I go into the supermarket, come out and it's downpouring. I ran for it to my car and stepped in a huge puddle! Now stuck in car:-( I'll kill some lite! Always dark sometimes! ha lmfao that's a good 1 I might have to swagg that 1. Give sum bomb head to the pillow. Ima do that to in a min Do I ask you for an Oil Change?Or how I get my grass cut for free?Nope.I'm here for the same reason as you.To get drunk & forget about work. U wanna know what is not good or a hangover? Pep Bands About to get off work, go to the gym and relax.... Oh, I need to wash clothes too Got excited about the drinks reception invite...until I realized I'm on the wrong side of the Pond. I think my busy lifestyle (aka work) has finally caught up w/ me. I can't wait to sit down. Probably 10 tonight. This is crazy I'm not sure. I have counseling. will be on Geico Sportsnite at 10:30PM again tonight...also looking forward 2 your new FM radio show tomorrow on 98.7 RT : Stop saying you aren't "allowed" do to something. You're not 6. Make it happen. Snuggled up watchin a movie with Nathan and Ashley... cus I don't have any homework to be doing or anything New citywide ad campaign encouraging New Yorkers to cut our food portions Had a lot of moments that didn't last forever. “: No swag” Tweetin bout your self Fun-filled day with & mamacita! Shopping, Hair Cuts & MORE!!! Now relaxing before dinner with the family tonight! is one cool dude. True story bro. congrats to the krauts! chelsea v bayern for the trophy Just heard about Adam Yauch. RIP MCA. It is rarely a goog thing for someone to tell you that "you look tired" but better then "you look dead." Staying positive as a way of life. In case you haven't seen it yet! haha spot on sir! Don't forget the optional cheap baseball cap and douchey sunglasses. Open mic tonight! Sign-up to perform from 6:00pm - 7:00pm & the show starts at 8:00pm. Admission is FREE w/ a two-item minimum! I try to use my music to move these people to act. - Jimi Hendrix As February begins, have u put "get leadership coaching" on your 2 do list? Yucca's are starting to bloom in the east county hills. Makes for some beautiful trail runs. please follow she is you biggest fan!28 agree - he sounds like he is 80 Prayers go out to the families, friends and classmates of the victims of the #Christian university #shooting RT Nope...just wishful thinking lol RT : Garrett's? You must be in the CHI Jon Peter Lewis. Heaven. “: I was too busy not giving a shit. Where did Tebow go?” There's nothing like a good spa pedi&mani to relax, I'm enjoying NY I hate the spam on twitter. Very irritating! My mom does not appreciate my snarky KY commentary. Interferes with her nostalgia. Tweet Me A Number And A Picture Of You And I'll Ship You With A Celebrity !!(: Follow! “: 989 followers. I had set a target of 1,000 by Christmas. At this rate it will be 1,000 by the weekend.” Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison. He a goofy. On me.! Good work out! <U+E00D><U+E00E><U+E14C> night mi amor. love you :-* :D "when life's a bitch, learn to pimp it." i will not say goodbye cause i care for you, <3 Thanks so much for the follow, Whitney! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :) Happy to have Triton Stone of 10801 Plantside, Louisville, KY 502-267-9303 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface® Cleaners. Excited to start a new year of choir and get to know the new fam :) Woot! Thanks to and for supporting Dennis' fight for marriage equality. #team Juggarnaut will be back in town tomorrow #cali is the bomb I gotta solve a tax form thing and do an eval form too, so I can tweet with you while you drudge. Celtics to damn old. at Ralphs trying to get healthy food...but I hate veggies so Im at a lost! This niggsjust dunked hard af....S/O denver hope your audition is as wonderful as that pic Forgetting to turn off your alarms on a day you don't have school <<< <U+0001F613> unbelievable :( Have already shared & just retweeted. Thanks for sending. Anyone know how to view PSD and EPS meta data without opening the files? just the chorus definitely brotha! We're getting famous this summer Somebody I used to know >>> Snow=beer tasting better. We've even got Sierra Nevada Celebration ale at $4.50 for the occasion plus a lot of hot, delicious food. Not gonna lie. The Avengers was absolutely fooking amazing!!! :) he will ,i hope he does... Omg dat would make me happy,thanks mahomie:) Mahomie4Life Welcome new fans Roberto, Derek, Elizabeth and Sara! using your mcclusky time wisely, I see. you wanna lock it in for me? ;) Congrats on the deal, happy you are staying in Baltimore next year Oh shit! is on twitter! I was going through some of the old posts on my blog and got a laugh out of that video again. That's a classic moment! Lots of them in NYC for sure. FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND SHE FOLLOW BACK <U+0001F609> I need mine cut too! If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. ~ The Dalai Lama XIV when the streetz love you to death it aint hard to sell hopefully we'll be there soon! get ready for a great Lions game later. “: Succaneer Orange. Great.” Sorry I missed that brunch I judge you more for the McDonald's part than the wifi part! can't get bra off. Why Care About #Bees? - Dr. Marla Spivak, U he will start crying in a few min Is #morningexchnge on #cnbc a part of your morning routine? If you're watching in New England, you'll see our commercial! Just know: everyone around u was once that baby. If they make a neg. comment, it is ok to punch them right in the jaw. Black Friday will come and go, and is the best symbol of American consumerism at its... finest or worst? Philip Rivers, you are no longer my favorite player. Allways Proud! How'smy favorite wine connoisseur! aha. you asshole if you hurt her, im coming after you and it's not gonna be pretty. the play I'm in opens Thursday, & my office is re-structing this week....um, awesome? hopefully so. I wish bar it had gift certificate then I could take care of myself and everyone on my christmas list in 1 stop fingers crossed! Night! THE BEST MOTHERS DAY:) excellent photo. more pics please! Thanks. That nigga try to act Mexican shut the fuck up fake nigga There are people that talk about getting shit done, and people that actually get shit done. I prefer the latter. Sometime's I Wonder How Do You Really Make It Into The Industry, It's Like We People Don't Give Chance's No More. Some Body Step Up....... I'm not so sure this is a good thing! Third trip (and one to go) in less than a month just to order contacts. :( 61% to 90% of people use search engines rather than review sites, coupon sites, or the Yellow Pages BAHAHAHAHA you're so stupid ;) Lots of voters at St. Seton Church in #Carmel say they're supporting Haven't seen a Mourdock supporter yet use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :))))) love one direction!!! Lol i was just converted two days ago!(: Are ya'll gonna come to Houston soon???(: Follow back? <3333 And I already have extensive bg singing and musical theatre experience. if i didn't have school. With 7 multimillion dollar shows and another due to open in April 2013--has Cirque moved the centre of Canadian show business to Las Vegas? you should follow me like you promised, please please please? thanks for including us! No school today...:-) Thanks! Our Wednesday event was a huge success - such a fun morning! Great to see everyone. Like i just got on. -___- All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything in-between are on sale 30% off. Email went H.A.M today in 7th 1D Flawless Homosexuals Accusin is never good bcuz if u accuse a man enough times n they innocent then they might as well make it come true bcuz u don't believe em pick me! pick me! I really wanna go! Please! Directed a 17 hour shoot and it was all worth it!!!!!!! We in playhouse Hollywood ! Whiz Khalifa, Jermaine Dupri , and Chris Brown came through! Welcome to California !You lovin it yet? GOOD MORNING Beauties! thank you! Pleased to get the first one under my belt. I can't even eat ...i should not be feeling this emotional Checking tv listings. Discovered most popular program seems to be Paid Programming ha, When I got your random "I love October" tweet, I figured a TBL/Bears weekend. I was close :) Work is done yo, time for some serious recording time One way you know a guy like you of he always getting advice from you or he always scared to talk to you or looks at you <3333 Keeping it classy, Pittsburgh. #TeamSingle its fun for a while then it gets lonely.<|3 Happy Birthday to the king.... She followed that up with. "is spike lee the guy that did all those kung fu movies?" - my band would love to play Slims sometime. Meanwhile the Kicks are giving the Heat about as much resistance as a warm stick of butter. RT Magnum ice cream? Really?--its real good too! I am a beast a lousivell chigger NSAC: We have the opportunity to allow you to come back to us for a license. I would be supportive of Overeem re-applying in 9 months Freedom of speech but....RT : Watch what you say. It can get misinterpreted. "I have been young, and now am old; Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, Nor his descendants begging bread" -Psalm 37:25 RT : Hey Friends! Spring Sprout Sale starts today & runs through next monday! Buy one get one free!! Only at our general store! love you stuff there has to be something lol Rainy Friday afternoon calls for some Shorty's Bar-B-Q! tbh, I hate the summer. ComRent Unveils Water-Cooled Load Bank Solution for Data Centers - MarketWatch (press release) just finished breakfast haha busy day Vote, vote, vote - well, just once actually. Don't be part of record low voter turnout! Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them. Needing a big hug :( Hello Quincy! I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye. I just wanted to send you my love<U+2665> THIS hoe done told the world I stole her money. We wish you a happy and relaxing holiday! As a slow runner myself, I am grateful to those who cheer us stragglers on! Thank you! #geekend #fa111 a little slow on the obvious content of branding but there are some funny nuggets. A wish that every day for you will be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart. i will ALWAYS cheer against the miami heat and the lakers Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: Interactive TV is what companys are moving towards. Considering an interactive touchscreen as a sales tool? Leverage it as part of your "go green" messaging; reduce preprinted brochures! Yay! Excited! Can we meet a little earlier? I have a 2pm meeting and I know the line can get a little long... You're welcome! Glad you could make it :) The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. ~ Kenneth Blanchard "What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Crappy #energy consuming buildings." Who wants bacon? Bev Eggleston will be cooking some up at 12:15 pm at the DIY Salon on the farm field! Gates is going to punch the NCAA in the face. my phone has a spirit of sorts in it. keeps doing things on its own In search of a graphic designer to create a logo for If All Else Fails Productions. ha nice, well hmu if your gonna stay up bc im sure ill be up Tweetdeck has an option to update to google f**king BUZZ?? Isn't this service maintained by twitter now? Where's the g+? I just asked myself the same thing. Its 80 degrees in Boston! Come soak up the sun at Tia's... Let us know what your favorite summer cocktail is... And my 36 hours of hell begin now Phillip phillips<3 where u goin shoutout to my boyfriend in the hospital with a case of nonexistence #Canon 5D Ml is a stills camera w video features For a flip screen & all the perks, C300. The BIG difference is the price Yes, esp if its a category in which a diff chunk of publication revenue (such as royalties or partnership payments) lives. I need to find myself a Mr. Darcy. and Imma let you finish, duck. I'm great! What are you looking to invest in? Love me some investing! new icon!!!! I LOVE IT. I'M LIKE IN MY BED NOW I see you girl hahah I felt bad about spooking it but there was not much I could do.... or undue! There is never any food in this shit hole Thank you so much Tabitha!!! We all want the same thing Break it break it down. Maybe we should just try out new ones: online reading is like meatloaf. Eh? Megan has got to start going to bed earlier. Where is everybody You're welcomee.c: So do you know ? Buffalo Bites at Black Bear always a good choice. you can tell hunh?? I never am in the mindset to do homework I almost forgot we live in #ROC until this morning's chill reminded me that #Spring is not totally in the #Southwedge yet. gloves not done www.theeroticchallenge.com for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract.LADIES DONT LET THIS OPPERTUNITY PASS YOU BY Beginning to think Tim Thomas should settle for the Boston cab driver. my friend and I passed through macy looking for ur pad but we couldnt find it lol RT : Who're you most excited to see? We can't wait for Charlize Theron, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Kate... You too :) Say hi to Fozzie for me! understandable! I usually try to get some friends together to ignore it in solidarity! It's official and are all part of the party/show Sept 30th LIVE from the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland Cheap nigga if you was liquor I'd probably throw yo ass up! yes! what do you have to tell me about? Thanks for the follow and #thanks for being a #changeagent in the world for Barbers & Stylists #FF for ur invite 2 #SOCIALITES Barber & Beauty #SOIREE powered by Life without Mariano will be tough...I won't complain. I will be a realist. He is the best ever. that's not good. Our infield is guys younger than me and career minor leaguers. .500 baseball all day, errday Im ready to go. Made my day: looking up tweets about The Body Project, and find Demi Lovato tweeting about how awesome a book it is for everybody to read Deans list & no summer classes <U+270C> i respect that. Wish more had that same attitude. Too many haters in the game man. Give yourself a break. Woo CouchDB 1.2 released with new features and cleaned up website, just in time to put it into the book :) alright that was enough snow for me. ready for spring Two days untill we tear this place apart #Brewers come Home and take on Reds. What else can go wrong? Way to go Mrs. Eleanor Holmes Norton just got express dropoff and felt extra special Seriously, do it!!!!! There is one very vocal audience member on #DWTS! Has anyone ever gotten kicked out? we know...you think your the funniest person in the world Try Strictly Roots in Harlem,they are great! she reached out to do a piece on and interviewed myself for her Inked Mag. blog! Love her! You are the first person who has been able to make my heart beat slower and faster at the same time. Happy Mother's Day! I have the most amazing mother anyone can ever have <3 It disturbs me that the only person you follow on Twitter is I'm not shocked. The hair toss won you over? Oh yea... I could use some new followers!! I'm really glad I'm not a member in any way shape or form of the Kennedy family. i was thinking that, but i contacted some students i know and theyve all received their grades. i sent her an email, so we'll see what'd they say!? you would like that tweet...lol. "Let us not wish for lighter loads, but for stronger backs" - T. Roosevelt. What do you whine about w/o looking at upping your capacity? so this is the future of Fiji ex patriots ... I love it we just tried our luck with 's quiz - 8 out of 10 - not too bad. The sports questions tripped us up, like always Yeah dawg, I see you. Let's hit the gym one day. What gym you at? Awesome job you're doing for Teens!! Pandora is trolling me and I am going to cuss out some teenagers soon. Fuck. noone tells me anything around here! Awesome! I can't wait to see them!! May be able to help. Describe symptoms better - what do you see when browsing to the .svc and to the .svc?wsdl ? Any errors? Smart, attractive girl is now in a relationship with redneck, douche-bro. Story of Facebook relationships. #Ignite-at core-B2B marketing drives inquiries to sales-how to manage and nurture Hate ppl that walk around with they eye brows up like df yu surprised for Shoe shopping with the madre she knows how to make me feel better Hoping some people show up for #usfhre. Well, I can write a blog post from my info if nothing else. Grabbing some frozen yogurt before I settle in for the night to watch some good old women's basketball. *it that's what I meant...;) You know I'm happy to talk with you any time. thanks for your support! . can count on u to not let moral principles get in way of servitude to Texas top-dollar :D Comcast, I think I am sending mercinaries after you ~I can't take going on day 11 of the pain and suffering ~ I need pay back! Knowledge and/or experience in the game/platform being hired for <U+0096> Preferred leave me alone. haven't you done enough? Sexism is gross. I'm pretty sure usage of Aperture Science products is not allowed in Apple Stores. Similarities to the photo app I guess. Awesome! RT : I officially registered for in La Cross! Let's roll! Hm dominicans or puerto ricans??? seriously, I've never toiled over so few words! thanx again bro I think we can survive tonight. But another 2 games I can't guarantee. I know I miss you too! (: Are you staying now?! they should do a teen hoot reunion HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Gail Boyd Artist Management! www.gailboyd.com The show will end. The boys will go solo. There'll be no more 'band'. But one thing's for sure, I won't stop supporting the BTR guys. <3 What to do, what to do. I think I know what I'm doing on 9/23 RT : #RVA's first half-iron distance tri! Registration now open. Intro to Lindy Hop, part II - tonight! We had record attendance last week. We're gonna finish up the swing out & then on to cool moves! “: You can tell I'm not a basketball girl, I just asked what world peace was lol” <U+0001F633><U+0001F633> lmao Shay!!!! #smh haha I thought someone took my pants in as an #aprilfools joke. Turns out, I'd just bought smaller pants. Eatin fruity pebbles!!! :) What's your favorite type of Motorcycle Helmet? Cast your vote in our poll today! I need folks to help organize for I'll put up a page soon, but @ or dm if interested. “: "The recoil alone from this gun is enough to break a fully grown Chuck Norris" -Ben Verhile” Sipping some Patron on my Cinco De Mayo vibes... u already kno bro im go be famous one these days im jus patiently waiting I'll ditto 's welcome to Seattle message! Look fwd to hearing your preso at #RaganMSFT :) Need to be up in less then 3 hours to fly home OH joy & Im all wired from a 16 plus hour day at work...Happiness is flying home to Chicago!! Oklahoma lacks, Heh. “: I think the sunshine did Truex's car in #NASCAR” KDs shoes are going to blow up when he wins a championship New profile picture ! From like October with Jess , I look so different now ! Darker hair and braces ,(: #FamilyMovieNight with the original Willy Wonka. Forgot how much busy-ness there was before Gene Wilder shows up. much applause for the work you are doing to duhh , but i want some noodles (: any man can get a million girls anyday But it takes a real man 2 love 1 girl a million ways! Switzerland will never be neutral again. We won't be able to say "I'm Switzerland" during a heated discussion. Happy #FF Everyone! Shareable part: I am patient & relentless.Lol at before you turn 50. I've wanted to do this for the past 6 years so... im wait for you to text me first again . its a conspiracy dammit Misfits and brats Looks like a nice day to buy The ToyMaker tickets www.nymf.org/thetoymaker ugh! So mad I was gonna prank you with the rest of the Mahomies but I fell asleep! Haha love you <3 u could never let us down! #OHELLNAW - you found a lump? Call the doctor - early detection of breast cancer can save your life. Cancer is not a death sentence. Yo shakes meet me at hurricane grill ! Lunch, glad your home, LA ain't MIAMI that's fo sho! More color if you know what I mean! Lmao I'm so mad I'm at work right now..y'all tweets making me wanna see Whitney's homegoing service totally agree Ah, gotcha. Drat. Not right away. We support cash sales world-wide, but because of the credit card companies [...cont...] We've decided to play another new song tomorrow night. This one is called "Caged" and it is pretty catchy. Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it. Thanks to everyone who came out last night. I think we kept BrewCo in business through the drought that is UCLA spring break. "The 9" will blow your mind. Word is, is a pretty sweet venue! Go get 'em, Welcome to UW! RT : I'll always b a proud Terp alum but am hungry 2 get after it & start my nxt chapter in Madison! Reading that made me smile :)))))) my night just keeps getting better and better :) worst article read.I agree with Brandon,stop sucking up to the players & Oliver Luck. u want to be on their good side..we get it S/o to for playing I used to love h.e.r. that made my night right there I've said it before and I'll say it again. Of all the rap groups with sousaphone players, and the roots are right near the top From NWS, Trained spotter reports FLOOD at 03:25 PM CDT -- severe flooding...2.5 ft. impassable or closed roads at Rimrock at Badoen lane. I'm trying to lose weight so that's motivating me. I honestly don't wanna end up too far behind you "real" runners. I can't watch it or I'll feel like a cheater i'm #9,367,974 to see "212". ha! great article. itunes also changed evryth. people don't listen to entire albums anymore. sigh. Yeah, more expensive, for sure. Try a yo yo or a slinky. I wonder what beverage I should drink to celebrate another victory? Is this stunt casting from the Guthrie, with Peter Rachleff playing Sen. Joseph McCarthy in new play on Langston Hughes? The first thing I was told this morning: "There are some Swcheddy Balls in the kitchen." got u bro Please call in- we would love to hear your stories. And spread the word too. YES I'll be at NCPH. Care to have a coffee/drink? That rejected feeling you get.. When you call your dog and it doesn't come too you.... The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals. CHECK OUT alton brown My mom the only person that says "alright you gonna need me for somethin" when you don't do what she want Lmfao Obama gives u people the green light and yall don't know how to act. Please note our holiday closings: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Eve, New Years Day True love feels great <3 not sure if i like twitter yet. Guessing that's a dog reference. :) Go get it! Pacers up 48-42 HALF TIME!!!! I want something/someone to entertain me :) Disney audition? Too cool! :) Thanks! Have a great weekend :-) Dont Give up Do Everything In Your Power To Master Your ART!!!!! Girls: say they love eachother. Are friends for a couple years Boys: call eachother fags, bitches,and assholes. Are friends for a lifetime. @ cms technology convention Is there anything better in this world than a tiny hershey's kiss with an almond inside? No bug at all... spending too long at the computer, the solution was right in front of me. Code does things to you... fixed Dang why can't let one mistake go?!?!?! Yeah I'm talking to !!!!!! agreed. pandering to a degree. i'd rather hear about it when interest rates are actually down. aw shucks....i'll scream obscenities at the opposing team in your honor. so public policy maj w/non profit & marketing? so u will produce communications that make no money which tick off the public? :) 10/20 nlhe @ O11 w/ a straddle about 1/2 the time. I booked a $5k win thanks in part to a flopped flush tripple-up. Investigating reasons 4 the connection btw/ early childhood ear infections & later onset of ADHD symptoms. Is there bias toward one subtype? Oops. Too early in the am RT : About to get rolling on the social media panel with screw that show. Kroger at 2550 Lake Circle Drive is requesting rezoning for a gasoline fueling station. It would be in the south end of their parking lot. Check out the #1 Female DJ & 2010 SEA Female DJ of the year! She dropped a special mix just for DWF wishes everyone a happy holiday! Sounds nice and relaxing to us! A #house is a a commodity, that can be sold for the highest dollar. The way it is presented to the buyer is important really? OMG! I thought we had to do one for each tactic? Did I totally misunderstand in class? That's something I would do... I got v motivated this winter with int rates so low reading the spex thread but didnt take first step of re club networking I'm using my personal handle because you keep attacking ME PERSONALLY. HBD Muhammad Ali RT: "I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was." Oh, yes the SFSFF in July is on my calendar, too! RT RT“: Um can u just forgive me and come cuddle???? #<U+0001F494>illdoanything” buy a beat for 200 and record for 2hrs free!!.. <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>RT : Every girl's best friend is a hoe who gives bad relationship advice. LetterThree provides individualized solution-based training for your GAs. Visit us online at letter-three.net. does neone respect the #redskins anymore? they r in shambles RT : Tampa Bay Bucs take over the Redskins center field Swop heat check there Very very wise words. Always a new insight with you! All right, thanks. And i saw you today. you looked pretty! Sometimes, DMT happens. i know lol good luck EY we are behind u. Go rox!!! Good morning! I want to ask your permission to link to you. To explain, will you please follow me temporarily so I may DM you? nice! Quora is pretty awesome! Famous Kites. Bono Oprah Stephen King. It's big time global influence energy Good Morning!Artistic Quote::The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?-Pablo Picasso Create your day! I'm not the jealous type, but remember we started as friends too. Can someone tell me what radio stations have the packer game on them? thanks! We're digging it! Will you ever follow me? <3 x3 State Competition is coming up Feb 23-25! If you're a current paid DECA member - we're working to make your attendance and travel fees free! Twitter, you let me down on the Inglourious Basterds thing. No one had any ideas of where my DVD could be. washington, minnesota, ... what the hell though anythings better than hanie Happy New Year!!!! is going to the gym for the first time in months tomorrow! I was born in 1986 and that's exactly how many twitter followers I currently have Omg his dogs name is batman and yesterday THREE 34 buses driving together. what's the point? where's the accountability? You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself. English Proverb I like those colors too ! I wish we'd chatted more too but lovely to find u here all the same. Hope u took a scone for the road. Thanks for the tweets! Thanks! RT Loving your November project. Thanks for the follow & keep up the great work. Another bomb threat at Pitt. This time Cathedral of Learning.... I'm reconsidering ever returning YOU USED UP ALL THE GLUE ON PURPOSE! I wish I could! Visited years ago and it was gorgeous! Someday I hope to come back. Hey all, please show some love and follow my new record label who will be releasing my next album 'Nick Vayenas. #New music Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key. Alan Bennett I love all these hot porno babes that keep trying to follow me. Wish they'd follow me in RL! #BenedictObama compromising his Administration's values to appease Tea Partiers, selling out Americas children, poor and elderly. Turncoat! thanks! will post some pics assuming they don't turn out awful. 69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 510 1932 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW.. Okay, I'm out in the open, new avi, real me, im ready Staff recommends introducing Single Use Plastic Bag reduction! I need to stop going back to Tum and drooling. I'm at a baseball game w/friends for Christsake! But its CumberPecs, Uh so sexy!!! Dang. Just realized that my Titles to Tags plugin for WordPress is missing the stop words file. Will need to fix that post haste! If it bleeds it leads RT“: The Manning/Tebow news cycle was about 120 minutes. Now it's all about Cabrera taking one in the face. where is here? Lol live tweeting presents me many opportunities to put my foot in my mouth national sandwich day..Subway anyone? The NBA playoffs season is turning into what seems to be the most career threatening set of games we 've seen in a while bring back ! He deserves it! Glad to hear you'll be ok to play on Monday I know man, all bad. :/ At last we reach our bus-stop 4-0. . . It sux I can't you've had some cool tweets and I can't... I just checked... It's cool I thought I was tweeter spassing. LOL Just watched about 50 seniors, disabled individuals, and concerned citizens get arrested for healthcare. So inspiring. Thx for the Prayers...much appreciated! Gee thanks for making a crappy collar. It broke 2 weeks after I got it. I think you might just have to love me forever then. :) cool gadgets That's cool. Just hard to believe we have had a team that long. Used to be just WGN and the Cubs. I have the lead role in a film called Coach. Shoots Feb. 4th. About a highschool football coach accused of molesting some of his players. Getting ready for work wahoo lovin this thank you Jesus for my job ttyl ppl Who does mixtape reviews in the DMV The Greener the House, the Quicker the Sale #AskBieber what is your favorite type of candy This Month's "IN THE MIX" Will feature a very special guest for our Q&A Discussion: of COME OUT! LET'S METWORK! I've been sitting in this guidance hallway for 20 minutes....these foreigners need to move it or lose it I got shit to do It was represented as though it was unique; it was not. With josh and :) about to go make noise in houston! We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today. not like i miss them or anything.. Ugh, I swear parents are like pros at pissing teens off. I'm ready to move the fuck out! Thanks for the tweet about the free download of Autism's Hidden Blessings! Recording up at Phantom Vox this weekend...High on sleep deprivation...Yeah! It blows me away when people at companies actually take the time to personally respond when you email them. Always a pleasant surprise. :) Everybody hatin' gave me reason for my doubt , if that girl talking stupid tell her close her damn mouth . THAT was a really amazing drawing. tops of to you!!! So it is my last day off until the end of Oct. Am I being productive? Well, if you count laying on the couch as productive, then yes. “: 6 more days until summerr!!!<U+0001F601><U+0001F601> when do y'all get out?” next month :((( welcome to giddyup , what are you up to this weekend? Wait 'till I start posting pics of him in Bears gear! The suffering keeps a'comin!!! Need to fill my schedule!!! Who wants free gourmet food!! exactly. RT : Hittin up Winter this weekend. Who wouldn't want to drink beer on a ferris wheel? The Silk Tie likes Lewis! We would love to tweet with you, would you like to tie with us? looking 2 network omg poor innocent baby! Hahaa :) #DailyRebellion: Take an extra-long lunch break. right on your amazing!! <3 you(: Give yourself permission to experience true joy and playfulness, rather than the false high of Oh, totally. I'm POSITIVE he DOES care, but I'm SO sick of this never-ending battle. Gays should have these rights ALREADY! :"People don't go to call a 1-800 for customer service now they go to twitter & other social media." Thank you kindly! Happy to be working at mStoner on my bday! :) If you love someone, tell them right now, for hearts are often broken by words left unspoken wow, up to 7496 ratings from 662 this afternoon. Fresno State is 13-30 ATS as a home favorite of 3 to 6.5 points In CBB. Tonight they're favored 3.5 at home vs Idaho. I love driving in the rain to almost anything by Philip Glass There is a half hour High Tide show on TV tonight on SD Time Warner Cable Ch. 19 at 8:30pm! The ratio is off! You need two more apples. It's not social *media*, it's *social* media. Featuring Jacob Cross At Magoons tonight - get here! Have all the singer's come back and sing" We Are The World" And When Im Older Imma Know Just Wat To Do To Ya Because The Future's Lokkin Bright So Come Into The Light thanks for FF, hope your #racquetball game is good. urban outfitters is having a fall sale. that's probably gonna be the best time for me Busy day but done with our SEP project after many months. Ready to celebrate this weekend! everybody loves you, not just me. Happy Hour from 4:30-7p.m. today! Come celebrate with us! That channel is supposed to be MANs version of lifetime channel. It's on the wrong network, unless Extreme Proposal :) Williamson suggests private financial papers as one avenue for future research into the origin of the First World War. and the dog spend over 10% of the film by themselves, carrying on with their journey. It's really uncomfortable for me to watch people kissing in old movies because they just didn't know how to do it or something. Sometimes we have to stop loving someone not because that person doesn't love us. But because we know that they'd be happier if we let go. keeping you in my prayers! shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy yay!!!! I have to miss a TED talk by Antonio Damasio because I'm doing an experiment for the Brain and Creativity Institute Kool Aid & Instrumentals in theory, sure, but I think you'd have to go to the high-end route to ensure no additives or impurities. happens to the best of us brother. Thanks for following us! It's about time :) If does not win a championship will he still be considered one of the best players to ever step foot on the court? Thanks, we will! my calculus teacher is such a douche that it makes me laugh Good morning world. i purchased the hosting today for scanmanapp.com -- stay tuned! =] I find myself not caring about things I used to Where is Santa clause? what a game!! RT : better safe than sorry.Good call Capt! heard 30-40 mph winds up your way. (TY John, def better safe than sorry!) It says you don't know the cost of nickel and lithiun mining! Psh, you don't need beaches to put a beach cruiser to semi-intoxicated good use. Just stay away from hills...they're no fun. they hate to see women as equal I guess. I don't know what the #GOP's problem is. first ones better 2007 pic. Jess Weixler as "Dawn" was excellent. Sweet girl born w/ an odd case of genitalia dentum. TEETH is creepy, funny. “Life is much like a joke, doesn’t make much sense, until it ends I dont wanna go to school but then i do cause it actually has AC maybe I can send someone CMK-have them find u- start collaborative work-even if I can't get someone there we like collaboration My homegirl rode her bike for 14 miles today we love the yucatan! Weather just a tad better than TX! Ha! As you are ultimate splitter, you have to go split Brees and Rodgers Lana Del Ray = Mi-Sex, just with a much better graphics processing unit. Thanks to everyone for making this a great Weekend at Brass Monkey Stallis and Milw! The party continues today with Jimmy & Eda at... How was yo Day If a girl gives you head its only right to return the favor;) Betty White is the only person Chuck Norris is afraid of thank you for the follow. we all try! Thanks JR! jersey shore in italy?true? Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!! thanks for the shout out! Digger Phelps criticizes #BBN for ruining college gameday for Vandy. Umm, Vandy fans had plenty of chances to to buy tickets. we are ahead right now so shut yo' mouth! windy girl!!! With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects: Upcoming CS6 versions of Adobe's flagship video software change sign... Localization or Globalization? You need to globalize your company, but localize your products. Laundry? Emergency tampon & pad run in the middle of the night, ftw. If We Dare to Dream is captivating! delivers an emotional roller coaster ride of love, anger, guilt & suspense. Addictive! nice!!!! Congrats! We had a 28'er my 2nd year when Coach Brown said he'd quit. It's almost time for the Knicks standoff. No matter what happens its been a fun ride fellow die hards. Oh and good morning. Grammy for commercial-so-crazy-it-just-might-work goes to Chipotle. So my friend tells me my picture looks like it belongs on the back of a bestseller m maybe I will become an author Now I never thought that I could take it higher... Until I reached the point of no return! Hehe I'm sure you know who said that ;P Yeah - I remember a CFH plenary on him a few years back. Almost as heated as that USIH plenary on (I think?) The Hurt Locker. i've been an Orioles fan.... baseball season i love. but it'll be year 14 or 15 of losing. ugh. Another beautiful day at Pier 60 everyone come on out and see my show. I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational. It's gonna be HYPE I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church What's up ... Schmidt didn't take his shirt off tonight? Ergo my wife was bummed! Hope it went well! Looking forward to the end of March! paisan, the special killed us, u need a sitcom thank you:) Make the most of every opportunity, and never try to be something your not!! My knee hurts so bad. I just wanna know what happend. Lmao. Big conference next week!! My family Thanksgiving preparation began tonight. The cooking will be completed after work tomorrow, then we eat. Looking forward! Happy Day me too Frankie is just in for the girls and fame not a good reason i will be watching, cant wait. So excited for the record. One door closes n another One opens Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down. My wife, daughter, and my daughter's friend are in Denver for the Women's Final Four. Trip of a lifetime. Who's Ready for a Texas Cheese Steak Feast? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint! It's good to finally see Katie but Caroline can take a hike!!~ you're hurting my feelings even more..... <U+E403><U+E413> Downloaded songs. I open the music part of the app and it tells me that I should see playlists from my media app. I don't. Cats beat Michigan ten seconds into OT! Game winner by Billy Glass. i think i switch it up everytime i write it At work waiting for 7pm BEING SINGLE IS BETTER THEN BEING IN THE WRONG RELATIONSHIP. Stiles has a kid. That's what the stuff is. it'd be funny if people stood on the street corners and waited for work, I think that'd be taking it too far Being yourself isn't such a terrible idea Good night everyone. *throws phone at wall* :) I got dat kinda money make a broke nigga bitter When it rains, it pours. :/ "Fortune favors the prepared mind." Rock on! RT : Hey ladies! It's Friday and time to rock the world! WOOT!!!! well I got there on time so ya lol How you manage to fit 4 cuss words in one sentence amuses me. u notice there's nomore features like that anymore I miss those 90's era listening 2 r&b with the girl u like long phone convo's ah me too!! :) love you more than life!!! Two presentations today -___- Didn't know he was having that done. Glad everything went well! Happy #TravelTuesday to some of our favorite #Hawaii hotspots sure to see ProBowlers Hey girl guess what you remember javon rite of coure u do will this morning he came to be and told me that emmuanel wants 2 Imma Make You My Bitch. where are the #Nadal #Federer tweets?? yeah that was you thanks for the follow, Shaun! Check your settings, you may have important first. (Look left, click arrow next to inbox, click classic) close batting 19 points more than you against lefties I've never been this excited for a trip that's over a year away that I have to pay for lol! VEGAS!!!! Any of you going to the concert June 2nd? Holla at me with where you're sitting! :D Running track Yes, it seems like a really nice country. I've always thought Europe was cool :) We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!! Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful momma :* Absolutely! MT : > By marketing yourself, your work, & the company, you're elevating the community. is on a conference call and totally lost in translation...gotta love the UK jargon!! Mac gesture right for N..C slide right for dashboard widgets. But yeah apple will figure it better than me Ok, getting ready to pick the winners! We'll have a bunch of them for cool swag from Too many superb options to choose from! We are looking into offering tea pairings, any suggestions? 1800s - The seriousness of the situation has escalated to the point at which it is no longer a laughing matter. 2012- Shit just got real. Just when you want to do something and your starting too suddenly everything seems to be working against you uhh life what a pain in the @$% remember? You picked that one up back at bob evans Awesome beer selection at ! Loved the Cocoa Molé! the r going to tour during the summer!!!! My least favorite teams 1) Vikings 2) Cowboys 3) Giants "*Fire alarm* Teacher: okay kids, single file line Student: move bitch, um about to die" My son "Lil Ryme" is performing @ Club Evans on Saturday night April.28,2012.Memphis,TN. Hi gay guy gals follow me love u mwa I`m looking for a house Get ready, #sperrywedding engagement party! among other things..... Oh I am! And the doctors laughed when I asked about him being able to tweet from the womb, THE FOOLS! na but they got more of a chance than the heat Wow, but I'm wondering why it's so expensive if it's plastic??? where are you seeing this? Willow Smith - Whip My Hair. Playing for country fans last night, clubbing it up tonight. I love people. Wherever they are. i promise.... that was the tired speaking.... Sounds great. I'll probably be down in the restaurant/bar. If you can't find me, tweet at me. Love that! good luck Timmy! So much amazingness surrounds you right now! Pedicure for me :) “: JFK=>LAX=>HST. Hell yeah.” Are those penises? how true.. I will follow you, CEEJ. Our first goal in exercise? Do no harm. Safe exercise solutions. This is MindFirstFitness. hey man kent here call me9752989 The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million It's Too Hot In Chicago ! great picture but why isn't Lauren in the middle? Haha it looks like its your bday wish i was outside. & my 700th tweet goes to .. God , because he's the only one I can count on the most , especially right now .. (: Cloudy day. Old people in sunglasses mean-mugging me from their seats outside the diner. Upper East Side shit. Muscle? I thought you were getting & :D Read mah story :3 it's in my faves. “: Alabama's kicker is apparently attempting to win some sort of half-time kicking contest.” Shoulda held that contest in Denver. Air conditioning <333333333 Children really annoy the sh*t out of me! (most of them) brooklyn'd How can we get you host our film festival in asbury park? this made me smile - thx :-) “: Aaaaaarrrrggghhh!!! My dumb dog just ate an entire box of candy canes!” Reign over me may be the most under rated movie of the last decade...if you haven't seen it fix that hahaha, it is pretty true. on the flip side my favorite dogs are little ones because they remind me of cats, lol And some people will leave you wondering, "What just happened here?" "And what about fat people's rights?" ......alright you lost me RT : Irony: I'm in the DC building that houses MSNBC. You can't get in w/o ID. You can vote w/o ID, but you can't visit MSNBC. Step 6: Pause and reflect. Celebrate. Were tf u think i been ? Slit my wrist to end this bull shhhhit and then squeezzzzeee till its All red, I'm glad I'm dead- notorious big <3 We will start raffling stuff off around 10am! Keep your eyes peeled on this feed! check out Ojinaga, it used to be safe. fredericksburg, tx. Becker Vineyard, Grape Creek Vineyard. Beautiful hill country No classes tomorrow Monday Oct. 31st at the Kendall studio Location. Have a great and safe Halloween. I can dig it! Peace, Love, and Happiness 24/7 man life is beautiful. Live it speak it and enjoy it. We're gearing up for the Yard, Garden & Patio show this weekend in #PDX. If you have interest in such things, we've got books for you! Post-Eire-move convos with were pleasantly confusing for me. "Wait, when did we start agreeing on all this stuff?" sorry I got on your shit. Carolla is under my skin. I know you gotta do what you gotta do. We Good? that's exactly what I need it for :) mentioned it a tweet this morning LOL and they actually replied LOL! Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream. How do I check in 5 hours early for and yet I'm still in boarding group C? One more night on the road, in Charlotte NC, then back home to Pittsburgh. Been a long but eventful week. The perfection of Khloe and Lamar is indescribable and after you pass your test, you can take a 1/2 day any time you want. Too sunny...1/2 day. Too warm....1/2 day :) English is Dayana's 2nd lauguage! c'mon now : Ivanka even had a hard time not laughing at "I've never called you a word" Ha ha I'm pretty oblivious to current events :) Are they talking about the stuff that was labeled as Organic? So where's my free movie??? :D haha Summer is here!!!! Tweets are entertaining "AF" :) #youknowyourhighwhen what if the music i hear isnt the same type of music you hear, so we all actually like and dont like the same music We're training CPS educators for our Facilitator Training the next 2 days on using in their classroom. You make me loathe humans slightly less... All time saying right there The rapper guy was pretty good. Growing up, I had the same answering machine as Diane Court. lol naw im good bro hit me when u get back in he goes on around midnight something like that. i'm digging dude...alot. trying to play it off n be easy breezy though. you know how i do. Stephan Meadows of El Cajon Brewing Co. said his biz got 600 applicants and hired 60 people for their eatery, most from El Cajon & Santee! ": "As long as you're green, you're growing. As soon as you're ripe, you start to rot."— Ray Kroc" Hope u save some lost souls up there in New York, Tim Tebow, cuz brotha u ain't saving the Jets. Win #NationalPublicGardensDay contest prize w/photo of Tudor Place we'll give you a free membership. Bring your camera free tomorrow! YAY! You're like an engineer and stuff! :) trust me nigga, I DO lol no they were romney thugs. u know where's dicks sporting goods in cary is? All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. Awesome. No humility required! S/O to all new followers. You are appreciated :) Spread the word. Prodigy Groupe is now accepting new clients. Email for consultation. Excited for worship this AM @ #TPC. After an INCREDIBLE week in Haiti I LOVE being at my home church! that's really weird, not sure what's going on there. Thanks though, I'll check it out. saw u today.....(i looked like a big sheet) can i get a shoutout? WILSON'S HOT TAMALES 15652 Euclid ave cleveland ,Ohio 216-249-2659PARTY AT RICHMOND&QUEENS SLICE BAR LOUNGE Happy Admin Pro Day to all those who work diligently to keep their managers, supervisors, or companies running smoothly! Verona's Tyler Reinecke, Waunakee's Zach Gaugert and Madison Memorial's Brad O'Louglin all finished at 113. Teeing off for playoff. I look like I have three elbows right now. Thanks, Cottage Grove yes! Call me! Happy Friday!!!! Dont lead a girl on if your jus gonna drop them Smart move! People just laugh when I put items on my Christmas list... Introducing Keg & Kitchen Kevin Meeker has revamped Cork in Westmont into a homey pub. why is it that technology is never quite as shiny at the office as it was at etech? uhm well today was full of surprises! Sucks not having internet at my house. :/ At this time in 2 weeks I will be on American soil. So weird to think about. bahahaha. sweet girl! that girl is a slutty bitch. geeze. New Orleans bound to cheer on the CATS!! Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire Glad my gram isn't suffering anymore but man this hurts ...it's too many deaths too soon I'm in Denver at the #nascio conference. Looking forward to talking about #opendata with state CIOs how long have you guys been touring together now omg Thats how you shoot i feel that a bulleted list's proper role is in the home. it's the American way. Be jealous ! Ha, idk I think i should but i don't think I will. math equation more FA = less success. Tigers lose 17-3 to Texas State. Next game is tomorrow at 1pm at Trinity University. By the way if you ever want more playtesters for games let me know :-) Slicing a warm slab of bacon is a lot like giving a ferret a shave. No matter how careful you are, somebody's going to get hurt. -AB For my view point I'd call it ”Invigerating”. The Glass is half full;-) but of course <3 looking for IT procedures/rules for working with DH scholars. Dean wants sample policies for new VCU Humanities Center. Perfection! You are a blessed girl indeed. xoxo RT : UM 2012 team lookin reeeeeeealll good for this upcoming season boy Only in high school cross country...it was distance medley and I ran the anchor leg! I enjoyed it, very challenging! I have selected your #gamedesign application for my dissertation #research working with 7th-9th graders. why thank you!!! I'll go vote and tell my friends AND tell my family ;) Hey Leslie, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting. My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters. Never take life for granted. I still have 19 locked messages on my phone that I probably won't delete. For some reason the compact view in #gmail makes it look to me like I have more emails and thus: more work. Compelled to I can't get You're all I see out of my head from Come on Miami, beat the thunder!! Pretty silly but so excited that I got the "Nightmare Before Christmas" collector's edition Monopoly game for birthday! you know it Thanks for the follow! I love the name so I'll follow you too :) S/O to #ForeverFly supporter I wish me and my dad were as close as we use to be ! We use to be bestfriends now we can't be in the same room with each other ! <U+0001F61E><U+0001F494><U+0001F44E><U+0001F622> Come out to The Spelman College Department of Art presents "Free Thinkers" Senior Art Exhibition at 4:30 in the Suites Art Space.... have a blast brother!! If you thought the #NFLDraft was manly then you'll love this AM. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56 Back to work in a few what do you do during the day after work? Your day must feel so long, having to get up at 4am. we always love to have you lady. if you wanna work on some beer/cheese pairings let us know! GM All! Getting a cuthair #bookaday DETECTIVE BLUE by Steve Metzger ***** don't hate! “: Hi, my name's Meagan, You might want to remember it now, because you'll be screaming it later!” OMFG LOL... My leeedo sister: "Finish all your homework today so you can spend the rest of spring break with me." Gahhhh, I love her. n_____n <3 I still don't understand how Bynum only has 8 boards tho.... RT : Still need a summer internship? I'm looking for an intern who can dish it out in SEO, Social Media & Analytics. Please RT! Ya bitch is wack she use to be my Reached following limit 4 today u can only follow 1000 a day sucks. :( Marry Christmas everybody! Why do cashiers make things do awkward!! "Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw. Good morning RT : Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by MORNING .HOW U FEELING THIS MORNING Join the ranks of expo prize winners. Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad. I don't even know why Network Solutions offers a VPS service. It's terrible, unsupported, slow, and no one in support even understands it. Up late watching "A Rage In Harlem" on Blu Ray...one of my fav movies. A bow tie wearing white boy !!!! WTF! RSVP done tickets printed! I wish I had my best friend when I'm feeling like this Hey EASTSIDE? This Friday ROSELLA we'll be in Mentor rocking the Live Wire Club with 2nd Half and Impending Lies! Free tickets are available I hate it when I type the wrong word correctly ..... Game on :-) Drake, Wiz, Tyga, Lil Wayne & all those other stupid fucks society calls "rappers" are garbage. Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg! remind me to hire you for an actress part! Lee sleep schedule is messed up, probably going to be up late again doin hw -____- im down yours is badass awesome Jo! :-) can they send some headphones for me next time? I just wanna be cool. Badger basketball season opener! Kennesaw is not a real state. I mean, I know it's the law but they do NOT follow it consistently. Only apparently when I fucking leave my ID in my JazzFest bag. Nice. ha! Oh yeah can't wait for you guys. more like the land of disenchantment! Never hated driving through a state as much I did NM when I moved to LV! at the family reunion, who we introducing... Looking for more cities to beta test YouTown. Completely free & we will watch 1 hour of kittens on YouTube for every city that signs up. Were my Toms wisely chosen? Only time will tell text me back dork Earthquake Straps! Please! don't worry you will be #backontop in no time! <U+0001F1EE><U+0001F1F9><U+0001F44C><U+0001F44D> Y its such a turn on when women luv & know about sports???I say let's go sip &watch 2 good NBA games tonite > he all smiles. Posted a picture on Instagram and it really brought how pale I am to my attention. Oh dang. wait! My dad's gold watch is in the arcade. “: Chemical building too! ;) MT : Yeah, I'm pretty sick of seeing My wife now has the option of literally taking me to the woodshed. Our utility room outside is now for my pants-down correction. . People criticize capitalism when they mean to criticize mercantilism; they don't know the difference. can't breath good when laying down and her feet is swelling really bad. She has congestive heart failure. Come visit our repair facility at: 20423 State Road 7 #F-1 Boca Raton for an extensive selection of parts & accessories for your phone. Coachella is expected to make an announcement on Monday. Likely concert dates for 2013, but possibly a Tupac weekend. oh, well i wouldn't know since i've never been Happy Easter back! Enjoy those green beans as ONLY Aunt Myra makes them! :-D This is a game for grown man in the paint. If your a lil boy you won't survive. What what? We finally have wifi at Glo! So, after your appointment, troll the internet for a place to go show off your gorgeous self! Advil+sunglasses+ginger ail = <U+0001F601> Living Out My Dream Like it Or Not Yea, and I'm sure you'll be able to have time with here soon. Sounds cool though. Wishing you a swell Saturday in the Sunshine State! Joining the masses on Twitter! I'm interested in seeing if all the Google vs. Twitter gossip is anything more than just hype. Tweet Tweet! There is nothing good on the internet today. Congrats on the child. My wife is also expecting (due 1st week of June) and like Kristen, she's also a nurse. Thanks for the RT! Talk to you soon! Guess I won't b making my goal tonight cuz I'm getting sleepy:-/ I hate this new work schedule...night! Jen and Jay's wedding today ! (: Its like that when you're hella famous like you are. money makin mike? is that the other kid... West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard. COME ON !! Guys have no idea what it means to girls when they tell her "You look very pretty today" I am so scared of needles you gave super admin access to the wrong account. Please grant it to this should be the org. How did the interview go? I love sarcasm... I just hate the people that use it good one Arda GIVE BACK THE IPOD NOW miss you too Bonnie, #champagne ambassador of California with , says Perrier-Jouet "Belle Époque" is the Aston-Martin of champagne. Santorum seems to be doing really well in tonight's primaries. Is this backlash from GOP base about recent contraception debate? Does anyone know who owns Donna's on Rampart anymore? Reading details of our financial collapse in THE BIG SHORT - seems it always at the center, perpetrating outlandish fraud. I had no idea you had an art minor. Today's one of those days where I just wanna lock myself in my room and not see anyone. The Blast has 15 minutes to get back on top. "I like the one about the lion" Keeping our history alive in genealogy. Learn how or just get some assistance @ www.myfreegenealogy.com Omg yall i swear i ALWAYS forget where i park <U+0001F612> Everyone should give a follow and a warm welcome to our pals over at Great tech people. Nice, sunny days should be legal holidays. YOU are loved. Believe it. I'm not even trying to work today... too bad the boss had other plans Its a great day here @ #Paradise Valley Mall! 20% off any jewelry repair when you mention this tweet ;) Olive oil truffle was amazing. Gave my gianduja pop rocks truffles as gifts. Wonder if Pasadena has magical chocolate maker? Please welcome infliximabus to the Max life hey love your videos! you have a great voice Just made a pre momz day breakfast for me Ma! Now to go do the shopping for dinner 2morrow...I'm cooking for all the momz :) who's we'll? thanks for a GREAT chat tonight! thanks ! and Where is my cousin? Gurlll I went yesterday! Mahomies Love Mama is trending <U+2665> we love you <33 When first favorited my tweet, I flipped out I texted every one on my contact list and that took like two to three hours Join us this morning for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30! Great way to start your day! I'm on my #GAMS... Grown Ass Man Shit S/O TO ALL THE PRODUCERS WHO KEEP SENDING ME BEATS FOR MY MIXTAPE THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE... Waiting at a bar for 45 minutes to get an order is just disrespectful. Thank God it's a Strip Club. Kathryn Whorris (Cold Case....this might be my fav) I remember how the darkness doubled. I recall lightning struck itself. I was listening to the rain. I was hearing something else. Shout out to my nxt bf... he's gonna be lucky OMG June. Okay Twittersphere, I'm going to be gone all week with no net access. Please "@" me if anything interesting comes up. Have a great weekend! #whatilove the new Call of Duty... and playing music :))))) Dear #MLS, Your This Way Up campaign is going well as refs are easily finding their asses & inserting their heads in a timely fashion. LOLL highly doubt that Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!! Have fun tonight! totally! "it's all over bar the shouting", says Paul. already they fuckin wit the right one! Do ya thang lil mama! we hit #ballerstatus all week next week on #SB2K12 with a little #surfing and #skimmer in there Yep every Tuesday and Friday are my upload days..so make sure and check out my new vids. :D "If you play to win, as I do, the game never ends." -- Stan Mikita, hockey player Merry Christmas everyone :) don't take the season for granted, cherish every moment! The Q of the day is simple...witch a witch? What do you get back? Justice of Trayvon Martin! We won't sleep! My grandad was always afraid of dying from a heart attack. Guess how he died... From a heart attack. :'(<3 Take advantage of our July special: $49 monthly group class membership! Take #yoga, #pilates, #cardio. & #kickboxing for $49 a mth Lmaoo ill be alright will be attending the last Tuesday in the Plaza in Healdsburg, goodbye summer:( im going to bed goodnight! aw I love her I miss u guys so much!!! you could get arrested for that Let's go #Bruins let's go! thanks for the shutout :) How people treat you is their Karma. How you respond is yours. - Wayne Dyer ! RT : I support Darien Brockington and his choices regarding his spirituality but I wish he was still making music. Just submitted a fix for the "airplane mode" error. Awaiting review from It's National Merry-Go-Round-Day! Celebrate with the Jellycat plush Merry Go Round Collection. Ponies, lions, and owls OH MY! Focus on getting things done no sleep and no slacking to achieve the ultimate dream. #NoTimeToSleep# In elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else behind you was your b*tch. #mybiggestproblem ... thinking too much Finishing up RfKS posters catch em on campus tomorrow.. What you think of the QR? The energy of the mind is the essence of life. Aristotle I just finished a 4.84 km run with a time of 29:22 with Nike+ GPS. I WAS JUST LISTENING TO THAT!!!! So good. how is he? Thanks for getting a banner! Spread the word please! Inspirational speech given by Supt. John Kuhn, Perrin-Whitt ISD at Save TX Schools conference an when was this like ten minutes ago when she walked out the door? I've lost count....but thankfully only had to buy 3 bridesmaid dresses! It's always an adventure! YO! Why is everybody stealing Miesha's username though...I thought it was her again Strand Events Today: Strand Lecture Series - High Speed Rail - FREE 7:00pm Smart phones are how customers are getting to the Internet. 79% of companies have no mobile strategy. Awesome lead in to Nuggets/Lakers article... nailed that one :) Had to read Sun Also Rises in 10th gr English. Drinking & "war wound" were abt all we got out of it. BUT, that's b/c we were 15. Father's day RT“: How about burnt ends and bottomless bourbon for those of us totally stressed out from a day with momzilla?” It looks like I have hit a "following limit"-- my apologies to those I have not followed back yet. I will do that soon! Thanks and God Bless Thx for the #WeddingWednesday wishes!! Ditto :) Let's hear it for NY! MT : New York Assembly passes DREAM Fund bill - private scholarships for children of pitching isn't up to par, our bats go quiet when we got RISP, frustrating!!!!!! see you when you get to Long Island...good luck on tour! call me maybe video Finally drinking my tea :) Baylor "Highlighters" are long and athletic. And still haven't found a dress ... I'm failing bad, acting like I don't leave on Thursday No I'm thinking Thursday. Will let you know. And thanks for the reminder about the show! "Let the forfeit be nominated for an equal pound of your fair flesh" great meeting you yesterday. Thanks for coordinating the happy hour and bringing so many ICT4Ders together! Pre-mastered tracks are up and playing on adamevoving.com! Give em a listen and let us know your thoughts. "The power of the word is real whether or not you are conscious of it. Your own words are the bricks and mortar of the dreams you want to... Jagimo! The mobile social network that plays like a game. Great weekend. Shame to see it go. any idea when it's coming? So excited to record in july! Beliebers Have Swag What's the best cheese steak close to #acrl2011 ? wow! Thanks!! hey Tyler, thanks for the message I'm sure no one is saying bad things about us. How could they we are doing awesome things! He thinks i'm weird because I have a thing of smelling his armpit always <U+0001F609><U+0001F60C><U+0001F61A> i had it for playstation.....still got it actually RT : Anybody had WCW Mayhem for Nintendo 64? also, are the lunchtime lightning talks at #jdcdc open? If I wanted to give one, could I? thanks for follow HOB we'll do busines soon.. Do you have contact info? check out my last RTs :D hopefully memorial day weekend I'll be there I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students. Will have them create a site maybe in a group. i'm back. Dear North Carolina: I like how you think! Signed, Kansas Makin it look easy #NYR yeah So many people have secgets they keep from their best friends. If they really are your best friend then shouldnt they know? Chris Andersen's father is in my office lol Im about to talk shit cus the Nuggets loosing tonight lmao you dick good morning twitter.. here goes another day! love you! Your banjo playing was beautiful on the rock center! <3 I could have listened all night long. Look in my favorites.. On my way to Cali. Luv twitter on my iphone! Got up at 3am pacific time. Presentation not quite done. Yep, with you on that. And I do buy CDs! Just got Chuck Prophet's latest. i just kellin spammed all my followers on tumblr need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt , Rain, rain, go away, I've got sh*t to do today. i wanna see ron artest try to fight everyone in the arena like good ol' times Me too. I tried it with almond butter, fig butter, goat cheese with honey and sliced pear all from Trader Joe's, the bomb! working on a dialogue/conversation project, did some research to find the bright examples and found your great work! Funny how I hide a lot of things from people when they think everythings ok Wow! Thanks everyone for 4,099 Twitter followers! I think we are no longer talking about the same 'magic carpet' ride.... what would the tattoo be? Re homeschooling--did you homeschool yourself through college? RT : Of the Magic's 44 baskets tonight, 23 were in the paint and another 15 were threes. Raptors picked both poisons. Oops. aw ya I like to hear shit like that i'm like the only person you know who isn't a stoner Thinking about chopping all my hair off.. It's Opening Day, huzzah! Time to predict what day the Chicago Cubs will be mathematically eliminated. Bwahaha. After all the dust has settled, happy to still have 11 of the #sweet16 on my bracket. Including #mubb of course Sweet!!!! So was there really a meeting at Glendale or just breakfast?lol Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward MO state puts in another goal. 3-0 with 8:56 left in first quarter I take it the Woolsey has made his re introduction? Inflation is going to happen! But what are you going to do about it? Most jobs on an average is not going to give you a financial increase. What do you call a rich frog ? A golf blooded reptile ! Day in pictures: 2 May 2012 This is why I love baseball. Thank Grimm it's Friday! Awh you're so cute !!! If #occupywallstreet were a bunch of tea party goofs in silly hats the media would be covering it 24/7. yep and that's why parenting books should be illegalized lol Best stage design you've seen since the year 2000 - Go! haha! I did too. Pretty disappointed in myself lol Reviewing the law for prayer instructions, I really only found one direct example Deu 8:10, #mkBiblechat praying after meals 2 give thanx The Quad: On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the N.C.A.A. Tournament Make a wish :) it's 11:11 Who wants to come watch never say never with me?. You know your bored when you braid your hair 6 times to stay entertained That was awesome! Go Pack! haha nicee :P oh I finished Saint :D lol hahahaha I was Like I think shemeans *do...... Awk (; your tumblr sounds like mine ;) Thanks for sharing, Stuart. Hope you are well! cool beat!! I want that sample! i know they do@ i havent seeon one of those shows in soo long! I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot, I'm a moon that never shows it's face. i got that DM of yours just now :/ lol We'll sneak out! she may night have a drivers license, but she can rock out on a piano... you coming? Awww....I miss our lunch meetings! When are you coming down to #bmore to visit? Lakers should be lucky that there down by 9 lol I deejay sat too! Listening to Sade. Billy Madison can always make somebody feel better! -- "Back to school, back to school" Sorry to ppl that hav followed me and I haven't followed back twitter is being annoying at the moment :p or since to days ago :p I just wanna see strip right now I told my mom some of the ladies in zumba act like its pole dancing and then she asked me how I knew what pole dancing was. LOL WHAT. Finally home... Girls: Never lower your standards for a guy, make him raise his standards for you! i tried adding you on facebook, but it says you have too many friends so it wont let me add you :( No time for lunch today yet. May as well wait for dinner now. Joey's officially out of school and headed for Kindergarten next year! :) What's your favorite song on the album??? " 2011: Every day I'm shuffling. 1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.” Its really good!!! I just saw it today! With just over a week left in the Kickstarter project we need all hands on deck to pull this off. YAY! Made a twitter you in? Thanks for sharing IndianaBeerdotCom's link! :) whoaa they did a cover? How did I not see this?? It was never your fault I feel so naive. hee hee. I'm looking so forward to Out of the Frame: Conserving El Greco’s “Trinitarian Friar” this Thursday. Can't wait!! :) Volkswagen Beetle Envy Spurs Pursuit of 10 Million Via Up: Cars - BusinessWeek Hi i love your website ;0) great job! Tonight - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music @ Lotus Nightclub! Let me know when it's fully operational... Another Beautiful Day Hope yours was a rewarding adventure! Remove uninteresting guideposts. My Makeup artist AKA #100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS <U+0001F618> Silver eh? Call me when they're blue. Oh! Bells! ": Hoosiers lose 79-71. Now they prep for the NCAAs." Bummer! But at least we'll be in the NCAA tourney this year. Yeah she does kind of look like you :) have a great day! wen u gunna go down there? Girl in class today was wearing Finding Nemo scrubs. Tip #101: The best betting line is usually bet, check, bet...especially in position. Beautiful sunset tonight after a day of bonkers crazy weather. You're nothing if not entertaining, #Seattle! Perfect Sat! Listening to Frank, grilling and spending the night with the best people! Much needed run with a good friend. Work looms but life demands balance. Also...just created a class twitter account during last week's awesomeness w/ the nobel summit & our all frosh model UN. Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !(:<3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now. Everyone loves a game 7. Love this & love perfume ": "A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. " <U+2015> Christian Dior" Keep your heads up to the skies true fact! what is that app called that people used on instagram and it's like $1 and you can make a mini collage of pictures? Chocolate &amp;amp; Almonds:Chocolate with almonds always tastes good Drunken writing mode with The 6kness Click. Deadly combination. The limit on users obviously isn't a problem with Google Docs. I'm gonna die ogmgngf jesus lord help me for a minute I thought you were referring to Waldo! Allergies have invaded my body! You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. What #purpose is greater? Don't you hate it when your foot falls asleep? We're in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Great News!!!! I left my computer for 3 minutes...& good things happen! LOL Unfortunately, I can't leave every half inning with Batista comes in I need to have a dog ass session! Lord have mercy RT : Nyjer Morgan heading out to left field. Braun out. Bad day gets worse for ya know just laying here, sick.. waiting for a follow back from that I probably won't get /: Heading to Huntsville to hear Dr. Scott of UNT in guest recital so sorry not to have responded before... We didn't get set up in Lanyrd for this year, but will recommend for next year. Mom just asked my brother if he wanted to donate sperm to a lesbian couple I know who is in the market. #merrychristmas! I know right?? It's made to be more difficult/confusing than necessary Kind of obsessed with Crazy! Ma started bleeding from my nose, I may be dying haha feel like flossin' Bus, almost home(: great job this year Coach! Maybe I shouldn't eat steak 3x a week. Ahh fuck it. cool, friday am through 1pm is wide open if that might work for you, do you both still dial in on fridays? see u guys there :) #LetsBeReal Mavs fans you can thank your owner for getting rid of your true competitors- barea, chandler butler, and stevenson You don't glide from success to success you lurch from failure to failure hahahahaha bro your too much Morning Rockstars! > The more business he has to do, the more he can to accomplish, for he learns to economize his time. - Sir Matthew Hale "A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." Bill Cosby RT --() Beaser Guitar Concerto proposed with Maestro Serebrier in Europe! Play then record... this work is amazing! I *must* shower to go to campus...but I've got this cute boy cuddling with me. I hope Hubert Davis has taken good care of his money because he's fixing to take a huge pay cut. I want that life. I just wish it were easier to accomplish... or maybe even Wonder talks, like "I wonder what I'm going to say about that!" Desmond listing country music artists he knows. "Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks, Jeff Gordan" hahaha 6972 was the official attendance per Followers > life Thanks, Nick. And BTW: congrats to the Giants. It came down to one play. Eli made it. Brady didn't. : Wormwood and all haha I don't understand why she's making music to begin with! Fuck i meant *can't whats good wit you “: Aggressive send there by #Brewers Ed Cedar.” ...that's Sedar to you! Just had a wonderful conversation with about getting some for MK. So excited to transform our walls! Green Mountain is the best K cup coffy! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!! Feed the soul, starve the ego. I might just watch a Disney classic tonight. Which one? Best thing about Thursday is that tomorrow is Friday Im at the moms crib Lady Gaga or yours truly? That's wonderful, many congratulations! Chicken on the bone is best eaten with hands. How's #140cuse?? “: There's a company that lets you send animal poop to anyone you want to get even with via mail." deff doing this The One is going to be on TV...I had a love affair with that movie in high school... Whatever, he owes Papi dinner now. RT : Seriously, what value does Punto bring to this team? You are an asshole if Don Rickles didn't make you wanna cry at the end of the Comedy Awards. We all look up to that man. Won't be sleeping good till I'm sleeping at the top has an amazing giveaway to celebrate the new look - check it out!!! But don't enter bc I want to win :) Tomorrow ": #Chelsea Roundup is out! Top stories today via " Watched Food,Inc. last night. More reasons to avoid #FastFood. W/SpoonerSpot you'll be able to locate best local food thx to other Could it be a nicer day? Rt : More: Sources tell captain of JetBlue flight began to behave erratically, co-pilot was able to get captain ou ... I'll meet you at the KK. Let's make some bad decisions. You do have fun sometimes, right? “: Headed back to Madison for the weekend.” nice video on wshh, Dude you wouldmake my life <3333 cuz i loves you =] The major function of the #Olympics is to remind us that we are all members of a single human community. loved farecast -- Bing's implementation is a bit buggy in terms of weekly emails to give me the next four weeks of flights tho That moment on a train to NY, when you realize you left your work badge at home in DC... Just another kick in the head on this rough morning There will be times where you plant things that just don’t mesh with the rest of your Loved the Rumplestilskin story on #OnceUponATime. Great acting and story @ Fred Show. Ah, i love Fred <3 Fouls away from the basket in the bonus & fouls with 1 second left on the shot clock. That can't fucking happen. I didn't care much for baseball before meeting my bf, but I'm glad it's a part of my summers. :) Having nick and makes before CPR class tonight. You are welcome dummy I will be putting my mouth on. your welcome(: #powernap good night It's not our money or our freedom that the global elites want to take away, its our very souls. Idfc what you're fangirling to at the moment. K? K. ": wants M Bachmann to use gaydar gun on her husband Marcus" Poor Marcus. He can't help that he looks like Chaz Bono Sr. The holiday spirit also means it's less likely I am to get someone on the phone or into a meeting. But, I will stay on it today. Tomorrow??? That's my ppl right there! MT : Today at the #OccupyUnionSquare #reference desk: corrected a misuse of 'sadomasochist. Most women never even dream about being a size 4. The modeling industry needs to rethink the message they're sending. thanks for joinin gus! ! They say I look like mama I say I look like my money you know it ;D Ok for the people who have listened to our podcast, we are trying to find a name: Rubber City Wasteland Comedy Cast or NEO Comedy Cast? You know you made it big on twitter when you get chirped by , if I'm lucky maybe he'll make fun of my hairline or something 78% OF NFL players go broke in 2 years and 60% of NBA players go broke in 5 years after they retire-SO WHY DO YOU FOLLOW THEM. OWN A FIRM! How to prepare Bordeaux mixture Happy to ... thanks for following and have a great weekend! hey, that's my alma mater you are talking about! Tho back then they changed the L to B. yeah life is boring did u study? Did u watch re-vyrt Love this: “When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.” Confucious planning a trip next week , want me to grab anything for you? I've seen it at and in Tosa. The nice weather version of me apparently loves green juice. Strike-em-out-throw-em-out! We're in extras. Awesome! Looking forward to hearing them. :) WHAT'S UP TALL &&ND LANKY?... Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be- Ralph Waldo Emerson "i'd rather be hurt by the truth : then protected by a lie" I just cant wait for the weekend! Not that I have anything planned, but I cant wait for it to get here so I can do nothing for a while. I rather be hurt witout u than to be wit u and watch it all fall. Shhh...the adults are talking. Reagan didn't need to hide. With and getting ready to discuss city priorities. But first a piece of pizza from joe squared. Helicopter buzzing near my house: "We have you surrounded. Come out of the riverbed with your hands up!" Kerry wood? You guys are still bitching about him? i think you & should come light saber fighting with me next thursday for Jedi training. Just saying SAVE THE DATE: Help Green East 103rd St. Community this Sunday at 11am!! Plant trees, play hop scotch & more! RSVP Fallen Captive with Pierce the Veil Miss may I and Woe is me. December 7th at Peabodys in Cleveland, Don't miss out! hi girl! I'll be back in town tonight! Hope to see you soon!! ;) Girls - Beastie Boys RIP Carroll Shelby! Looks great man!! hey Justin I'm one your biggest fans , and I would love to meet. Please. My birthday is coming April 16 I'm going to 16 . Sitting at the ortho :/ ohh well it's gonna be a great day today(: maybe tan a little and try to invite over(: Hi. Cats. April/may wsop sounds amazing :( Derby tonight! #yaaaaaay <U+0001F60A> i knoww and were having some good conversations:) paint a picture of the project. I don't like this feeling:/ Thank you everyone for following me and let me following! it`s great friendship, have a great weekend! ~NATHAN~ #Nosh will be closed for #Passover from April 6-15. We will open up with normal hours of operation on Monday April 16 Chag Pesach Sameach! hahaha of course! The finale was just a disappointment it doesn't excite me for next season miss you too bebzz. We need a cute waiter this time. Hey Hope ur having an amazing day of learning. Mysticism is going through hell & the pains of near death to spiritually experience the heavenly healing power of God right here & now. Got it! GREAT WORD! Haha, no worries! Why prevention? Career criminals cost society $65k by age 12; $250k by 14; $6million lifetime. Crazy dreams... Dense fog advisory for Walworth, Jefferson & Dodge Co. in SE WI until 10pm this am. Vis=zero now in Jefferson Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes. Britney Is Beautiful -- RT if you agree. Girl: take off the condom, boy: why? Girl: YOLO, Boy: ok but if u get pregnant YOYO Girl: whts tht suppose 2 mean, Boy: your on your own awe man, now I want some Sour Patch Kids! Send some my way! ;P Hope things go well tomorrow, whatever it is! <3 J.K. Rowling is going to release a new book! Everyone should be partying in the streets! Oh. RT : Everyone lock up your diaries! woohoo! Happy Birthday!! HORNUNG = BEAST! “: How about Pierce Hornung yesterday? Looking forward to seeing my family in from Alabama later today.” What good does it do a man to believe a seed will grow and give him nourishment if the man never plants it? Thanks, Anique! I truly am a lover of words. :-) even tho i got my asthma it was worththe dance :') <3 see that you playing in the #CFL now.. Somebody drunk my Cream Soda I'm fucking mad I paid for it with my own fucking money. I'm being paid that fucking unit rate on the can Today our education folks will be joining on a Mission Reach Tour, then speaking at the Native Plant Society of TX meeting! #LOL and #OMG have been added to the #OxfordEnglishDictionary... thus the continuation of the decay of the English language tell him I said Happy Birthday So sazzie pants, are you going to wydlife today? #libchat Hey, all you lurkers come on and join the fun. Why do all Mexican soap operas look like porn? I've been waiting for someone to get naked for the past 3 hrs. Twas a good night. Now time to get some sleep and wake up early. Gotta put in my 8 hours just like all the other working stiffs. RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player. Run of offensive right tackles/guards. There goes Cordy Glenn to #Bills, Jonathan Martin to #Dolphins. When does Mike Adams go? gurrrrl I'm right down the street from you on Lincoln and Brookhurst! Expect the unexpected < Fuck it,Show me my opponent Oh no!!! Back to the grind tomorrow!!! News on Nestragel, warrant expiration, and a pps over 4. Seriously? Men In Black meets Back to the Future? Thank you for your support and the retweet. At karma lounge the homie givin these college kids what they want, tearin up the club. I'm glad that you get to see your bestfriend now though! I want you to spend as much time with her as you can :) Hate to say it but game 7 SOB Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring & never bothered to follow-up. I would <3 to Guest Star & stir up some drama! was it just me or did it like it took YEARS for the blitz to arrive? yeahh dawg! Lets slay some dragons! Ok sorry i had too. That was my last time. I dont like pedro. Im done. Nope, its a 24/7 opportunity! is the kindle still worth it if it can't download books anytime anywhere? That to me is the whole appeal... nice case! how is the ipad working out for you? I also want to go on record as having called this outcome (T-Mo denied, QCOM approved) about 6 months ago. Just sayin'... According to my calculations, you've tweeted about once every ten minutes since you got this account. Macullay just walked right behind and I. I got a little excited! does it come with instructions?? Wolfert's 25yd kick is good! Nighthawks lead 6-0 against the Morning everyone Over 5,000 without power in North Valley. PNM expects power to be restored by 5:30 p.m. More on www.krqe.com. j reads his stalkers private e-mail to him next on-air All Boy Hip Hop tonight! 6:00 - 7:00pm..... Don't miss out!! You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.<U+2764> Hungry artists love lunch and want to give people tickets for supporting #sustain36! damn. Alright thank you. UPI Sports Calendar for Thursday, May 3 Lauren Hutton was eating at bar pitti. Snapped her mid-bite. Guess she didn't like that cuz she gave me the finger..which I snapped as well It's a beautiful day for giving tours at Universal Studios! Wish me luck! ;) I'm watching the doc my friend Wesley produced on the LA riots - Uprising - and it is wow. Startling. thanks! I hope so! goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you ari :* How wonderful! : "Collect" Intl Art Fair for Contemporary Objects May 11-14 #finecraft in England via He was also one of the nicest people I had the pleasure of meeting while in Switzerland. That is the utmost disrespect, yo!!! Like for real Somebody almost walked off with my stuff!!! i need my stuff to ewww and aahhh about lolol I think the car is okay, but it's a no-no at your own house party And thanks to you! MT America is facing the 2nd half.We're getting up off our knees.Thank you Chrysler.Clint Eastwood.America. stefano, stefano. <3 Happy birthday Facebook. Wow. 8 years old, eh? And you don't look a day over 7. Congrats on an exceptional year! if you go to the workshops tab & choose 5/19/12 they have the details, $108 for all 3 sessions or $60 each session My name was Brian McGee. I stayed up listening to Queen. When I was seventeen. We are closed today. We are back open tomorrow at 11AM. Happy New Year! your going to get beat down by Nuggets killed the Lakers by penetration last game. Good to see them do the complete opposite this game Dear everyone, want to help with a last minute Nathan gift?! Can't sleep! I am way to anxious hoping jags cause kampan but really lame MNF game Nice, how'd it go? the library will be open this Saturday from 9-5... Someone just gave me chocolate billion dollar bill, and it says "In Bunnies We Trust." Good thing I didn't give up chocolate! () Vodka Alert. Do not buy UV's "Cake" Vodka. It tastes like candle wax. #books I quit reading Wilbur Smith's "Those In Peril" He wrote all Muslims as bloodthirsty psychos. He used to be one of my favorite authors Screaming hbd to hope my nigga enjoy your birthday, ilove you fooh!! you make the show ... sing the swedish song! what is a duck face? I think I'm going to watch a movie. "I wish I could meet I think I got the fever!" - Always good when the boyfriend gets u a present of cute undies out of nowhere. :) love Just did! (don't know why it took us so long ;)) Release the friggin' disco ball! you guys were playing like shit even with amare and melo were on the floor, 30 pt loss sound familiar? The founders didn't mean to build a nation on the principle that anyone can say whatever s/he wants while waving a gun around. Lady Gaga & Little Monster. This isn't just an idol and fans, this is a family. What we have is special. I always look forward to your tweets to me everyday. :) ah good nap! Rewatched Eight Men Out- lots of great Main Street shots. Is it fate or irony that led them to shoot it in Cincy?? LOVE it! I am goldfish. Beyond ready for a surfing trip.. Lynn Yarmis: "Tailor your approach to the data set that comes in." is that you, Jim Taylor? I will just wait for it on netflix. But thanks for making my day! I Do Believe I Got Tha Best Mother In The World.. Happy Mother's Day, Mothers ! ( : SOX: #Royals already leading 3-0 in T1. Johnny Giavotella reached on error to drive home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in. ok; fine fantastic! congratulations, molly! Guys...Ryan is lacing up Marissa's Cotillion Dress...there's so much faux-sexual tension I can't handle it. Please pray for my friend she is going through ruff times right now I pray that God bless her and her family Amen....... Who's going to Rev tonight?? go to sleep :-) incredible! Send my best to J and Lou what are you doing at USD? Great game tonight!! I probably can talk to you about a network socket, but I could not make coffee this am. spilled all over the place. I want to wish everyone good luck one their finals and congrats to all of you guys that graduate this month. I'm gonna start calling the #Heat Miami Lukewarm lol Practicing my DSA skills with some friends in the park. Just wish I had actually trained for this. yayyyy for following! I am sure I could find you one! Look on their Facebook too! I have seen lots of ppl wanting to sell them on there! Just got an email from Plenty Of Fish...I have new matches. Yay!! Haahahahah Professional athletes have coaches. Professional actors do too. Ready for some coaching? Twitter is really making me mad I am tired of it! went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed. Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria Not that I know of. I was at a bar last night but it was quiet and I didn't even drink, I had a coffee. Anyone that says that #StayAtHomeMom is not work, has never done it! AUDITIONS FOR SUMMER SHOW THIS WEEKEND. PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS! oh my i love lil mama's hair. super fun! Crashed HARD when I got home. Dreamed the brewers game went to 25 innings and crew won. Hot guy in zumiez. Lol op hi ; more like i search, && you pay ms.moneybags. :) kk im trying to get get Tia to come down but I guess we are leaving friday night cuz shola leaves saturday? i love a girl/boy with braces ;) Thanks so much for the RTs and My stepdad just bought this android tablet. Hm RT : Make fun of Danica all you want but she never blew up the damn Daytona 500 The Pin-Up Squirrels are performing at The PIT at 9:00 on Sat., 4/21! Come on out and see them! Gerry - belated thanks and well wishes. Appreciate the #FollowSaturday SO. Hope ur having a great holiday weekend. Brian of course I would LOVE to hear it!! Send me a link when it's all finished! YAYAYAY! (; I get an e-mail from Mom sayin "Teach me how to Dougge" later she asks "wat's Dougge? Is it sexual?" I ws laughin so had! she crazy lol Moral of the Sarah Phillips story: don't take people at their word, especially over Twitter. Do you homework No Voter ID in TX Action today at Sheraton Houston Brookhollow, 3000 North Loop West, 4pm Lol. Heidi Smith. Point at foot, pull trigger. She did an excellent job during her term. #ExpertVisibilityTip: If u want a stronger relationship w/a media outlet, learn all about them, their depts, who does what, how u can help. Paula Abdul is stuck in my head and there's only one way to deal with it ... That was a bad call Ref!!!!! What's up with all this breaking news today? Occupy protest all over US, death of Civil Rights Rev. Shuttlesworth & Apple's Steve Jobs dead. Momma rootin' for me lately know I'm runnin' to the money .. It'll all be alright. I'm confident in the future. Thanks crawler for getting me out of bed at 6am on a Sunday. Did you finally find someone to make that cake for you? Happy Birthday! Just met triplets, that was fucking weird "It's a man's business to be what he is, and to be it in style." — Robert A. Heinlein I looked at this, but I'm not sure I understand what you need. RT : The way it should be, Cuz. #blessed(Indeed!) thanks sis, love ya 2! :o) Welcome to Indy GMEN! Beat the Pats for all #Colts fans. Win ---> RT : I'd have to be CGI. RT Question for the followers: what actor/actress would play you in a movie? RT : - Shocked at this news report tonight - hope that women understand the importance of YEARLY mammograms. There's hope! Good luck with it. I hope to see you there. Us either! RT Can't wait! RT : 2012 #JazzInThePark lineup just announced! Summer's just around the corner! God in heaven #tebow on earth To be eligible for either exemptions, seniors must have been born prior to or in the year 1946! ima be at work where are you at? Congrats on your homework! Tweet with us, too! More Country! Give me some of that Country! New Street Clips are up and ready! where was rock last Thursday? Oh skipping joes for crickets I was talking tonight about how inherently funny a food shrimp is. Sad cocktail shrimp on a tray is always comic gold to me. so it's not method...it's message. Negotiated a peaceful end to the war on women. By smiling. Thanks for the heads up! i'm happy today because my dad is here with me <3 damn i keep losin followers im finna unfollow a couple hundred nd follow my new followers #FWM Fam We have a brand new batch of sunglasses in stock!! The weather is getting warmer & what’s better during the heat than eating some locally grown fresh fruit from the Hillcrest Farmers Market?! hold up hold up ha where?? when?? omg what!! a carnival??!! i LOVE I always knew you had super powers ;-) Celebrities shining light on important issues! RT will be on the tomorrow re: #engagingmen to prevent Thanks for the follow. Were you planning on coming to our event Dec 23rd? Don't forget to LIKE our OFFICIAL FB Page!!! Keep supporting our YOUTH they need us pretty in PINK Picture upload failed Since the 3 mo #job my family was counting on & were told we had, was not. I won't b doing free promo Man the company sponsors for the Superbowl and Pro Bowl Parties in Miami are broke as "HELL"! I hope the game would be good at least..! drink water upside down A Portland police officer is behind bars. He's facing sex-related charges. Details at 10&11. its never too late . just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter. Sounds like it might be hard to do. I am not a bumble bee i need a texting buddy... or just a new friend in general Matt Holliday on NOW! one of my favorites What do I want in the scene. Keep it simple! Thanks #FF right back at ya! Headed to compound congrats on 3m followers! you deserve it!! :D awesome!! i always love meeting new people!! we got practice tuesday too we got to do push ups and suicides Minnesota school leaders gather for a summit on bullying today. Details coming up on the McDonalds, beach, cigars. Success doesn't come to you...you go to it. I WANT TO PUNCH CHRIS COLLINSWORTH-LESS DIRECTLY IN HIS MOUTH! WOW I CAN'T STAND HIM! See you next month! RT : had an awesome first time at first Friday! Definitely going again! :)) Florida ya girl's comin' home GODS GIVING US EVEN MORE CHANCES Patron wanted me to find a quote's source. Found it on a photo of a plaque in a 1972 newsletter after zooming in Focusing my thoughts into action this afternoon is like herding cats on catnip. So many fun distractions to follow. Follow Friday Reason 1: You want someone with your industry or product knowledge. If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now. How's it going cousin? Spokeswoman 4 tells me they won't change Gov's Fishing Opener May 12 on Lake Waconia even if legislature changes opener to May 5. Happy Easter everyone have a great day!!! and not sure that RB/WR/CB combo is gonna be enough to make up the 27 points we beat you by in 2 games last season ;) "Disambiguate" - a word in heavy rotation @ WorldCat Discovery Day thanks for tweet and thanks for stopping by. Good poetry is formulaic. Send it to me and I'll tell you if it's good. Or just hide it away until the Martians find it. So excited, tomorrow is my 50th presentation on Organizing and Time Management. Tomorrow's event is in Humble, for those who are interested Kathryn sang her first dragon to sleep today. I'm so proud of her. Main characters grow up so fast. Dx got two words for you if you dont like it "Suck it" Whoa, Portland! We learned a lot about each other last night, meeting at the intersection of weird & random. Thanks for the fun! thanks for the RT, Colar! How are you?! TSOI-LA is checking out Kisses at the Make Music Fest in Pasadena. Shit tons of fans. Gary- the frogs and some other samples will ship today Kevin Ron Little is back up again in front of the board updating the board on the district's Title One spending. Is it coffee + espresso + water, or just espresso + water? I heard you say the word TILT a number of times during the show. Was that an ode to ? RT : Someone take my test for me. This is an emergency Haha kims happy she got the first parking spot today :) with me its always been me takin care of other ppl and makin sho they iight.I got 3 family members in tha hospital RIGHT NOWso who HELPS ME? Well this really sucks, im about to just take my phone, ipod, and computer and throw them in a lake. #no use anyways I don't know what I would do without my brother sometimes. I've had this happen before. I've also made this recipe and had it result in amazing, fluffy, delicious rolls. Stumped! There's a #fatburger in Vancouver?! O_o Ice Cube is now playing on repeat in my head. I'm so ready for thanks & also positive ^_^ Saturday morning workout = afternoon nap time Don't miss the Friends Used Book Sale - Inventory Clearance Sale! @ Paseo Verde Lib starting tomorrow thru Monday! Biggest book sale yet! #milwaukee Rock Salt now sold retail for $5.99/ bag! Going fast- winter is on its way! My physical therapist told me yesterday that I have the handwriting of a doctor or an engineer. (That must mean messy.) awh thank you Our own Ramon has a new treat for you! Come in for his BAJA CHICKEN PIZZA! Every Tuesday he has an amazing new dish! Like this one! What a wonderful day this has been can't wait to sit outside and watch some baseball later with then maybe drinks? dam I thought he would appreciate it we showing him love now we might have to get at him happy birthday Alex. Have a wonderful day. May all your hopes and dreams come true. Thanks for the RT! Hopefully we'll see you there! FB? as in facebook? damn 49-13 is pretty ridiculous. kinda like how the chargers owned the chiefs today. oh yea Good news: I'm on vacation Friday. Bad news: I don't have tickets to the #Brewers home opener. some1 help me with mine Homophobia is EXTREMELY #unattractive. Are you afraid of other men treating you the way you treat women? T's are getting crossed and i's dotted. Decadence trip winner to be announced soon! For sure! I might! This ones more in the reality show realm. Narrator is a must I'm sure. I will let you know! Hope all is well u do realize the Stern nation can ruin your career, especially being on the radio. Time to fess up! i live in the az and its alredy 11:06 and im bored ur mine too (: 50 Cent Beer tonight cuz it's, you know, Monday. Now til close, get a pint of premium beer for just 50 cents. We're going down for regularly scheduled maintenance. Should be back up by noon! Transforms3, not bad. To much Hollywood in movies. They say Taylor was a good girl, never want to be late, complain, express ideas in her brain hey Jenny, great job on keeping up with the hs beat,do you know if anybody will be streaming the hightower/pearland game? #Top100Lies "I love you" sounds like a lot of fun (and calories) xox About to go downtown and enjoy this weather! "Daddy's Bussy." I always cry with this Shit :c #nercomp12 also using cam studio and windows producer at Bronx CC So , both? MT: : Elysian Split Shot Espresso Milk Stout just rolled through the door. The official Seattle Beer Week Beer A big thank you to for debuting "Pass Away" during his show today on ! See Pomegranates at “: I am trying to tell you! Getting on the bus with those big ole trumpet cases lmao.” hahahah yes! Memories! I would happily host a retelling party at my place. Not true: "If you buy 50 tickets, you've equalized your chances of winning the jackpot with getting struck by lightning." Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125-yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues I can't wait to get home Just finished 1st mvmt of a new work for Fabio Gallucci and Antonio Pilato, based on some Lorca texts, for their next CD, out in 2012. hate feeling nervous -_- yeah sometimes I have to turn twitter off and hide my phone. Sleep is worth it. Tweets will be there after your beauty rest. haha ": #ifonlyicould Camp out outside Barnes & Noble on a school night to get wristbands for the boys' signing..." it would mean the world to me if you only retweet this :) The laptop sold for just $396! You missed out if you didn't bid on it but we have more deals coming up, check it out: www.dealshow.com www.houstonpcguru.com/biz if you want to make bucks!!!! CampsAgency a brand new booking agency in NY! New site coming soon w/ additional artists. Wow.. I see how it is.. Fall asleep and everyone in the house like, forgot about me ! -. - fml. Maybe this is a chance and a sign from what Ive told you before! :D THEN maybe Mr. Bennett will notice my work one day! :D Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it. Truman Capote >>>MLM News! Paparazzi Accessories( New Company Listing ) wow that does sound good:) i`d love 2 c it but i`ll prob have 2 ask my mom 2 go with me if its rated R Don't run for the hills just yet, Facebook might not be ruining Instagram! It's important to find a studio that fits you.We encourage artists to shop around before choosing.Come visit and c if it fits u haha ya I know. Lol I don't think twitter likes me right now(: “: That awkward moment when you try to take part in a conversation, but nobody hears you.” my life story... Hating your past means you hate what you've become Now tht sounds so original and healthy. Do you use beans as well? I know. It's shameful. That's why I want to start a consultancy/communications firm for that express purpose! I think that's the power of seguin...he's giving them some tampa bay-like energy. Every media before social was passive says wat u finna get this time I miss Boston. Such a great city... despite all the Red Sox & Patriots fans... I say if pacman don't what to do the blood test of take 40% of 100mill plus shit give it to Cotto on the rematch.. um are you forgetting my little knee locking issue Glee characters are like children in the mall lost and found or a giant hide and seek. Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car. Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty. that's good how's the break treating u Ha!RT Can the Red Sox trade for Beltran and keep JD Drew? I want to load up on guys who take called 3rd strikes in huge moments #imagine Austin:when you feel alone just look at the spaces between your fingers & remember thats where mine fit perfectly<U+2665> -anna I don't really understand what to do with Klout. The dream is gone, but then there's hope keep sending her messages and sometimes she will reply to you At Buca to grab some grub before the festivities. that's super weird lol *awkward glance* There's only one more thing I have to say ... Welcome to good burger , home of the good burger . Can I take your order ? *Cheesy smile* Co worker just pissed in a.bucket Books about kids chewing? #SLPeeps I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else :-( Help! Dancing in the aisles here for the Cuban-Jewish All-Stars (or is it Samba?) Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river?Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see! you need to learn communication ..before you get yourself hurt Being elite at one spot can cover some pretty severe weaknesses at other spots. Finally realistically talking about going abroad. Oh, I forgot to tell you last week I used to be a mailman. Don't know why I didn't bring it up. haha i was screaming, crying, fangirling, and just to much emotions! "Tell me who you slept with." Me "NO! He was an accident. TWICE. Let's just call him 'double oops.'" Night out Good luck Scotty :...& , Angel's Cabana, Lardo... re: Best Food Carts Hope everyone had a great weekend at Sheep to Blanket. We are closed today and will reopen on Thursday. See you then! what are you referring to...i know it's not David Hudson because that would be silly since you talk about the most banal shit Its officially my birthday! (: I think you have done a great job with it so far. hello world! that shit was small ok!!! so calm ur self.. So long, Brandon. It was a good run. and i deserve a i <3 skip bayless shirt. Mind in one place, heart in another I would've slept all day lmao Dodgers CF Matt Kemp will have an MRI taken on his left hamstring. *reaches up and holds the crown in place* Wow...you have a real fat head. Big idea 5: A Collection of Special Places (neighborhood character, identity, feel) Glad you like I am making many more thanks. Woah. I missed that workshop. What does it mean? Nicer weather this week. So excited to get rid of this winter fur! Let the shedding begin! oh, and weather forecaster* my hands smell like colon. OMG thats awesome :D hahah yes to that hey, I'm Chris, co-founder of Ziggling and lil Ziggs. When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower. My favorite is Angola tell ya mother I said tex me if you don't understand what cognitive momentum is... you can't prep your witness adequately. When things are going well take the time to be grateful and appreciative. hey Bella thorne plasce watch me on twitter ;) Watching Punk'd because it's the only show on besides #FantasyFactory that doesn't suck. good plan :) Today's agenda...decorating eggs, a gel pedicure, and finishing my article about and her magical book #FSS! In New York domestic life, it's a constant push-pull between insulation and space. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton Flyers v Penguins, great game brewing! Go Hard or Go Home Kids. What was Chuck like as a coach? I agree DW way 2 go Easter candy...must stop.... It was such a great line. Way to go POTUS speechwriters! RT "Everyone loves the "America will always win" line #SOTU" Join us tonight for an impromptu cracking open of a methuselah of Val Dieu Grand Cru. Tastings on the house starting at 5:30 til it's gone. i don't think i'll ever understand how a cowardly cat could call himself a man. you're all show, and it's getting old. I'll send you one when I get home. All I have right now is my old 'stache pictures... It's so hard nowadays, what with the gangs and the rap music ... This game is painful. What is it about Turner Field that shuts the #Brewers down so bad? Listening to Passion Pit for the first time in years. It's causing me to have flashbacks from my first year of college. I don't like it. I love being massaged. It's like sex to me. Except I already like sex ... I think I need a new analogy... o.O I know, I would have thought more for FB. Smashed up my everything Jay-Z prefers Beyoncé now that she&#39;s sworn off heels, lip gloss I've been smiling at my phone all day <U+E056><U+E056><U+E056> Excited to watch Castle tonight. Nathan Fillion makes me happy in my places. Its not something kids think about when in the heat of the moment, they expect people that look scary Great museum app:“: Props for great content by in Infinity of Nations app family guide! #mw2011 #simobile” Some people you cant help but hate... Hey chica! Your picture is so purty!! Listening to the #mozinar seo webinar, basic, but informative and a good refresher on KW usage. I am a true lost cause when someone wakes me up....I am always extra confused!! My favorite garden there, LOVE the koi pond! : Stop being a dick and lay off the spam!!! Today 1:30pm African Film Festival screening Mama Africa (on Miriam Makeba). I'm moderating Q&A w Kathleen Cleaver. Lincoln Center NYC is glad to be working from home today because Atlanta drivers can't deal with wet roads (or dry ones for that matter)! Rate Please and i am the second one to the left!! fyi A big woman served me at McDonald's earlier and said, "Sorry about the wait." I said, "Don't worry, you'll lose that eventually." we should both move to Portland and retire... I really think no one has a real job here. I follow you if you are in the #NPPA and/or Sign up for our email digest or you can get up and folk off! - The Pubbys All so convinced that you're following your heart because your mind don't control what it does sometimes. Your the only thing that makes sense in my life you should know im in love with you and never gonna leave.. depends on how well I know them... if they are a friend, I totally call them out about it, just an aquaintance or friend, general... Are you building the MZ empire? What are House music DJs supposed to do when they turn 40? My mom doesn't want to take me prom dress shopping until I get a date, wtf no! I knew it I knew it!! Isaac finna be a big brother #Kailyn and Joe Join DC politics with Eugene & Chuck today at 11am. Our guest is Chief Cathy Lanier Lmao only time me and my mama get along is when we dont like the same person and to you as well! Watching King Kong; about to go to lunch & finish my exam! (= I did. fortune telling Lady, Cain, Abel, hunchback of ND, Good Samaritan, Ophelia, Noah, Einstein, Robin Hood, jealous monk, dr Filth... Stealthy pic FAIL. I didn't turn my sound off :-X lol RT : Follow us and share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 WIN a ROOM NITE! Today is the last day! yep.... its in the mail! It's SO beautiful outside! It helps that the JOY of the Lord is my strength too, because He gives me the ability to even enjoy the weather! Don't run and hide because your problems will catch up with you until you solve them. He conquers who endures. we added a long tall table at our SF office and it's a big hit. I love Austin Lee Stevens(: Watching #PrettyLittleLiars with Destiny :) then Lindsey is coming for a movie :) GIRL'S NIGHT Hey, tweetfind.com has some free tools that can help you unfollow who is not following you and follow who is. games suck! Thx for the job title love. I'm a regular at Buzz Bakery, Grape & Bean in Alexandria if you ever want to meet to talk shop. #ThingsIveLearned When something goes wrong, move on. It's not the end of the world. :) Pain tolerance, need more of that. Cinco de Drinko maybe in 30 minutes, but I'm starting now. I have hair that needs played with free trade agreement bet japan and u.s 21 Jump Street was hilarious! A total of 7 players have 2 fouls at halftime. (3 for UK, 4 for IU.) I do! Big ups! I feel like something is going on. I have no idea but I hope they drop in more places They see me rollin, im a third wheel.. (x go by yo self lol. I never wait on anyone. It's hi time for pie time! Happy Friday everyone! What kind of fun plans do we have in store this weekend? Thanks for the RT you gorgeous thing!!! Why are the days that should easiest often the hardest? Geez. The eternal Friday afternoon debate: to bring home papers to grade or not to? EVERYBODY was telling me I do last night Wow you guys are tall but pretty^-^! I can't reach my coffee at Starbucks sometimes and it's embarrassing XD The competition is fierce! Have you gotten your vote in yet? #brewersolympics at both Rohrbach locations House is standing at ease until 2:35pm. Morning to all early birds getting their day started with Starbucks! I swear Starbucks drinkers are in a whole different universe, lol you had me at "Death" Twitter has been contacted... Now I wait and then delete if they can't help.. Sorry if anymore annoying messages reach y'all from me :( Excited as heck for Hotel Foster Residency Week 3 tonight with and Hello Death! 8PM! Slight change of hours for Wednesday September 28th. We will be closing early at 5pm. Sorry for any inconvenience! Ok let it out honey, let it out.... Miss u. For every startup that makes something new, there are 6 startups there to support it, it seems. We truly are a "service" economy. What like 10th parking ticket this year idc charge it to my bursar i was wondering cuz on the we are heroes website said the 10th nice So ur digging the album then? :) When selecting plants for a #landscapeimprovement project, look for a variety of plants with different sizes, colors and textures I Was Hoopin All Day #ABA update: #IRS official states they do NOT share individual taxpayer information w re worker classification program A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business – Henry Ford. Follow your Bliss, Live in your Passion, Do what you love! hotel on top, condos/apartments in the middle, retail/dining on bottom. No other hotel has unobstructed view of lake/MAM. already did <U+263A> Hey JP, you interested in talking about all this Bucks craziness on Sports Fanatics this weekend? Didn't replace, some of the keys are still sticky. How the fuck is this not trending? Bring1DtoB96 I think my wife and son will be at #BBF11 today while I'm at #NEAFall2011 so our family has it all covered. favorite movie? Heading out to for the summer concert series tonight! It's a Beatles cover band... But going to tasting room first! oh happy saturday .. as long as the sun is shining i'm okay! See? They even made me spell wrong. I'm doing the same thing, except the ski part! Aha What a great week at Tiangelo Promotions, an honor to create marketing solutions for our superb client! i dont really know what a "lana del rey" is and i think that is a very good thing. Sometimes your the one in the way of you. Step aside! Where's the info for locals that just want to attend. Are there tickets or something? Learn something new everyday. So you are AF? My friend's brother is too, they are in AK now I think nice to see you're crediting a source now. Chippewa Valley #Wisconsin: Boys & Girls club after school, 4.30-5.30 Thursdays. Learn video creation! Man i feel dum i was just like seriously crackin up at this show !!! I'm with u 100%! Not excited 4 this SB at all...should be watching Pack go 4 repeat! Brutal.. Happy #StarWarsDay and May the Fourth be with you! Aight check it <U+0001F449> The only woman I ever plan on playing #2 against is ya momma. Otherwise.. Foh wit dat bullsh** and kudzu wasn't even native to the south. Been nothing but a disaster since it was introduced. I believe they do! Especially positive ones :) I just hope he's neither a drill sargeant nor a cheerleader. I don't want to get too frustrated or annoyed. right?! He takes Muhney for granted lol~ :p yea she's like a soul singer...but look it on rap genius...it explains everything Two more days then roadtrip to Vegas baby! Not wasting any time! RT you're beautiful. Just thought I'd tell you that. The tuna and salmon we got in today look amazing! I know what I'm having for dinner! yes! I created a fb page for our staff kickball team and we ended up continuing it post kickball season. Fuck i'm bored.... 5 days until KAHATF1HSWK!! :) I can't wait lol PS, Hardcore mode is the only way to experience true bliss. Another Hemingway haunt: Paris! Who hasn't haunted this town? Now the characters are blaming each other! Hey guys, blame the freaking sharks, they just ate two people. Thanks Phil! We'll let you know as soon as we have our volunteer program in place. Go Ducks! nice! I had both the original RAZR and the Razr V9X and I loved them both. Looks cool man kudos please ask your friends to add AFTER HOURS: the Church 606 downtown LA featuring the best in upfront global house served up by resident djs Blackliquid & Mikey Gallagher what's up ! Daddy has just started calling me "celebrity" cuz I have so many followers haha =) lol I know you are #worstxmasgift Not only a two VHS tape version of the made for TV "Merlin" starring Sam Neil, but also the script and a poster. Thanks, Mom. DOH! Sydney return is NYE, 1st day back in the chair shortly thereafter. Actually can't wait for the real world again! It's hard to see that upswing in medieval this year, but I'm glad that it's up for other subfields! Yes! “: From Don Shirley: There are more AEA contract shows in L.A. than we think! GREAT NEWS, ACTORS! Bus ride to Dallas for our first conference game!! Joss Whedon is a genius. That is all. Ain't nobody can drive 70mph eating an egg mcmuffin while talking about republicans quite like your father. you are too cute. Matt! thanks! my doggy is so cute he sleepin my bed nd his head is on my pillow nd he has the cutest puppy face riite now :) hey Hope Everything is goin good for u taylor Leaving work now to get to Miller Park! Go #Brewers! Subway, yes. <3 #food>people Instead of trying to accommodate the Word of God to our changing culture, we need to accommodate our culture to the unchanging Word of God. The banter on today is exceptionally hilarious. "I don't know what I'd do without you, Ralph." "Probably a better job." the man's a beast when clean & healthy. Somebody will pay for all that talent; upside is enormous, may be worth the risk. Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings. ~Miles Franklin let's take it over. "Dont ever look Janet in the eye, she's a devil woman" The more we are filled with love, the less room there is for hate. i asked a question? I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me? THANKFUL TO SEE ANOTHER DAY. RISE AND GRIND MY TWEEPS. DON'T LET ANOTHER DAY GO TO WASTE WITHOUT GETTING ONE STEP CLOSER TO YOUR DREAMS. “ Frying chicken”BRING ME SOME Res booked : check. Awesome seats for : check. Amazing birthday weekend? 2 visits in 24 hours? Thank you times two! lol haha and y dont u follow me but u followed my cuzins :( it's better if you gradually ease into the stretch, so as to not pull or injure any muscle fibers. Is your insurance going to cover everything? Absolutely! He's w/u! ;) RT : Thanks for your last tweet! I needed to be reminded today that God's power is always greater. :-) If only that book wasn't so good, I would have had time for breakfast and would not have had bad coffee and deliciously bad donuts! burned 145 calories doing 18 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)" just sent over your next smash Snapdragon, Qualcomm, who cares? It will always be Jack Murphy Stadium. Heavens no, let's kids get addicted to a genre! We can encourage diff genres in an APPEALING manor - but never pressure. ohh lord u dnt even knw what i meant tweets too much sorry I've been #MIA for a while. i just have no time these days sweet idea for the sandwich contests. The Fiona is awesome! The pubic wig has been around since the 1400s. It was originally worn by women who wanted to hide diseases like syphilis. Ciao Bella Jewelry is gearing up for Valentine's Day! Do you have a gift for your sweetheart? We have many great gifts to offer. RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand %80 of it Practice tomorrow! It's styling - 05/16/12: Peptides came to the cosmetic industry's attention due to their ability to heal wounds by increasing product... Roll Tide interesting note that Betty Crocker no longer advertises on TV. so awesome! You guys must be on cloud 9! :) Why do people live in gated communities? Who are they really trying to keep out? I never thought I'd love a chihuahua, I was wrong. Congrats #USA Women's Soccer team! Its never over until its over! GLOW in the DARK 2night! Glow Sticks| Open Bar 9-10| 4 Katie's Guestlist, Tables, & hook-up call or TXT names by 8PM to: 7034073810 This just in: the parking lot will be a zoo. WELCOMES!..YOU GOiNG TO NEKA PARTY SATURDAY AT THE BLU?..BUT EVERYBODY GOiNG TO HER HOUSE TO DRiNK &&ND EAT BEFORE THEN... -already has a winter formal date for next year!(: Yes! Please do it soon. this sounds like this will be every 14th Bday dream. Best wishes to you both. No-sleeping work stressors, it`s what`s for breakfast. Crying makes me feel better .. <U+E406> im going to set the world retweet record today It takes me so long to get ready because I procrastinate for 30-45 min. Tonight's #ActsofInheritance will be a salon chat w/ & 's president Burt Kummerow. 6pm! i wanna move where you are! Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to: Thanks Karl! Hey does anyone out there use Workamajig project management software? If so DM me please. Whitney Houston has now been sober for 28 days! I know I am very close to something great, because my personal life is in the crapper right now RT : Signed licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and composer study. V pleased! Cody has the coolest grandma ever What's the difference in wearing your bra and underwear in public if you can wear a bikini ? First panel at #uniteforum includes superintendents from Fresno , , , , Al Lewis: Mortgage broker fights lender folly are you my father? I don't think so Everything we ignore costs us in mental time, space and weight. All while we think we are ignoring it. No problemo - I always appreciate your tweets & thoughts, ArthurG! i don't like the fact that google chrome keeps my bookmarks whenever i'm logged into google. True Blood was the best ever tonight !!! dignified black shows are unsuccessful but racist black shows are what the network wants. It's a crime to be outside today! The art director meeting was a success! Hell is the suffering of being unable to love -J.D. Salinger How has using web based apps lowered or increased the overhead costs in your business? A not-so-wild idea: grocery stores should allow their patrons (easy) online access to records of their purchasing behavior Interview at 4:30 hope I get it I need a job lol Getting ready to go see THE AVENGERS! Peace! U R one of my favorites ..'morning' to U too Amazing how an impending gig as an over-aged swimsuit model will change your relationship to donuts. yup! she is super sweet to.. so i dont know why people need to give her hate, like seriously! its hurting dylan too.! My uncle lance just have me 300...too excited! Oh my Chicago weather! Woo! For once, i had a really good day (: Let's do it Spread the word! Make your voice be heard! Robert out Gorgeous day! Cleaning house then taking the dogs on a long walk to enjoy the fall beauty! What are your plans for the day? why do you think they defaced Poe's character? all going well cant complain, just getting many things done these days, speak soon for sure. Gotta come dwn RT : WE MISS YOU TO!!!! JAY LOL As Marcus Bachmann might emote, "heavy thigh." loves gospel music Read about how Veda is helping the Catamount Institute and all the events you can participate in the entire month of April! DON'T MISS OUT! What is this word called love. Mayb a word to describe how u feel well I want to show you. We can have something beyond a word! -Craig- Haha crazy wake thought life was a dream then realized it was a nightmare because I have exams tomorrow. #fuxk school. Wondering if you have an ETA restoration of service in the United States : Hey Ivory can I gets some of that pudding? And yes the movie is funny!!! enjoy the hot dougs, that's walking distance from nowhere hq... dangerous when it's duck fat french fries day THIS!!!!! RT Funny thing is Lakers fans talk ish during EVERYBODY game...but all I see is crickets on my tl now. Oh ok You know that guy who's nauseating you by filling up your TV with endless ads? Yeah, vote for the other guy. Thanks. hope I see a different team next game I SCORED ! Put some ice on it. I Missed You Too :D How Are You =) - haha did you mean ? Thanks for the mention! Thanks for the RT Christina! Have a great Thursday I hate mornings It's always boring You try NOT grooving to "Oh What A Night" in the grocery store aisles when you're having a great day. I don't know I don't think I would ever cut out the sleep. That's where some of the best stuff happens. cool I donk think Nike has put them out yet FAI was wonderful. A delightful collection of people and music. Now onto CD proofs and booking! Happy Monday everyone! Wow! RT : 10 million Angry Birds Space downloads in less than 3 days! Thanks to our fans! My interview comes right after Jack Canfield. The photography exhibits are one of my favorites. You Are The Shit!!! Your Awesome! Follow Me!!! Please :) Ringy dingy! It is a soup kind of day! Or maybe you want an Burger delivered? Call 1-855-HUNGRY2 or wehaveyourfood.com So we should all ride together for the gang vocals duh <3 DONT WANNA STUDY BYE Congrats! That's awesome news!! I didn't bring it to you though lol Your Neice is Due TOMORROW !!!! :) I am just a grain of sand "The only way to stop calvin johnson is to tackle him before the ball gets there" so true. Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever. I brought the much abused spider plant from home to work today. Hope it bounces back going from 2 cats/little light to 0 cats/full light Bias sucks Can't get enough of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' The NHL announced today that Coyotes Captain Shane Doan has been named as one of 3 finalists for the 2010-11 Mark Messier Leadership Award Thanks for the RT! wont let me tag.... Chicken parm and spaghetti. Yum. Dayquil liquid is the most disgusting shit EVER don't do it. Happy Birthday Man. Celebrate like a CHAMPION Part of that can be attributed to the fact that he's now a starter, but still, a drop in velocity that extreme is never a good thing. working on it! sorry! technology is killing us over here Looking for a Sr. Producer with big site experience, send us your info We will try to get out there as soon as we can thanks for looking that up for me:) can't do it :( going to Sweetlife today. think i got insominia #occupyburque isn't camped at the moment, tho ppl do protest at Yale Park at various times. Mtg tomorrow same time/place. Sushi! Who's ur daddy? My WD hard drive just crashed. Everything in Pro Tools is gone.... And just think, not too long from now, we'll be in Dijon together! Although it began life as Hengler's circus, for most of its life The London Palladium became known as the world"s greatest variety theatre . Best day of the year. First day of the spring training games. WOO!!! good bec I'm putting billie in there to(: Been watching jury selection for Casey Anthony Trial Send as many as you want! The sooner the better : ) Also feel free to tell friends about I am trying to get the word out! School sucks!!!!! Another good day today. Mind is clear for action, lets play chess. should be asleep by now. : where we had to reright are conversation Excited to pick up at PDX this morning! Looking forward to the things we will be doing together!!! #factaboutme when I'm sick or on my period I give attitude. -.- no I'm not on my period. Bizarre Bazaar was a waste of $..all jewelry and food..Christmas show is much better Proper nutrition is all about providing your body with a balanced mix of nutrients, minerals, and vitamins Event on SEO Strategies is officially February 28th. Registration details coming soon! Everyone plz follow my friend Meeting with committee more; you can call it a "shame culture," but it also amounts to more faculty involvement. "There's A Place" Lennon sings about the places he retreats to in his mind, but without a careful listen the song seems to be about a gir No good at all. Does that mean you're out a job, too? Our next play is SQUAWK It's from Feb. 16-26. It is a fun play about peace, imagination, and features some feathered friends! check it out! thanks for following us, look forward to learning more about VT store!! already left but will release one cc-by-a on flickr of the dragon :) (it's on my camera) Great night cooking at St. Jack followed up by Karaoke at GalaXy room. What a night! Ryan hacker and northbrook cronies. :) Celebrated the season with colleagues last night and enjoyed extravagant sushi dinner courtesy of — Good times. We are VERY much at odds right now. Neat. Thanks for pointing it out. i'm so proud of you for being a good girlfriend and putting out ;-) Sharp pain on my left foot between my ankle and small toe. WebMD says it's a stress fracture. Guess I'm done playing basketball for awhile. All EB lanes of Hwy 18/151 are closed at HWY G near Verona due to a 3 vehicle traffic incident. Use alternate routes. I'll be looking serious all day today. One eyebrow drawn crooked lol teehee Definitely not tonight! I fear the truly dreaded outcome though: bringing them back to work Monday still ungraded. Haha. Whatever you say. ;) Make sure to give our iPhone app a download! Search "Bar Scene" in the app store Whoops. Forgot about Twitter again. I'm back. Needs some GD!! I'm at-the-letic...! *In my Charles Barkley voice* can u follow me bck??? It's ok if u dunt UVA's website is just not clear or adequately updated, unfortunately. oh im not takin back my plz choke comment now!! lol. u was tauntin me you need to reintroduce yourself to that movie. +/- a few grains. RT : well, not completely meaningless but definitely worth several grains of salt Do any of my followers own a ? I've got specific questions about usage and subscriptions (fees, necessity, etc). Q5 - Really? Why is that your favorite? I'm wondering how many times in NBA history someone has had 15+ rebounds and 20 assists in the same game. Can't be many. ": Betty was never really likable, but good gawd she's a cunt this season. #MadMen" Lol, so true #:-D Good morning! I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio! dm Me I deleted my aim app ;p I have this 3ft bear its more than half my size, I don't want it anymore...... Any takers? Lets do this. “: My first try at #CrossFitGames Open 12.1 was 95 reps. I can break 100. #bringit” get it! yeahh we r on the samee page! Except mine is about sharkss.. and pizza sounds so good right now! She is a DIRECTIONER. FOLLOW HER NOW NOW NOW thx i will RuPaul is a basic cable television genius. More like a realist. Lombardi just said game over too. #packers RT : Guess not. RT : i guess your not a fan I couldn't get through a whole episode. I didn't get it. Lol "Public services still provide opportunity for common good." - Hedges #Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to Our next bout: Rats vs Mob! Sat. Nov 11. Doors !!! justin by friend adores u so much and dreams that u follow him so please <3 follow him thns #swaggerboy love u ay Lody you need to gone start a label and sign me folk,niggas in the north roccin wit me I mean a truly bad program the last few years makes ZERO changes and gets a ton of studs and nobody is questioning it. Does anyone know how to reach Barbara Martinez at Uncommon? If so please email me! On deadline. I will owe U 1 :) your voice was the soundtrack of my summer* Head over to tonight for the Bags, Baubles & Ballgowns charity event! Who's down for a new goal? I wanna make every word and action something to be proud of. Let's change the world. Happy Monday. Be strong. the dude abides. ;) #Np church on the moon . we would love it! Box for scratch paper is at side of the Info Desk. Desk staffed to 5 today but box visible if u come after 5. Can't find wallet, keys, or anything in this house. This will be an interesting year... Not even going to walk into Steve Madden... Hey tweet peeps! Hope you're enjoying the NCAA finals! the ultimate Stay Down There's an umlaut in reëducating? the main part! He got hustle more than everyone EXCEPT Kobe! #UFC Undisputed 3 is so accurate, half the time it goes to decision you get ROBBED. Cafe 300 specials today are tomato vegetable soup or potato soup! Sounds good I will be sure to stop in. after denial? Big day ! We should work together one day! thanks for the follow :) smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and The AT family would like 2 say thank u & good luck 2 as we say "c u later" 2day. We'll miss u & ur smile, but wish u all the best! so we are still friends. good. lol. nothing really, just thinkin about a new tumblr name:) Just this morning, after weeks of putting of my health, I reminded myself that health is always the # 1 priority. Protect your investment. I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man. I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ; Any input on flying a couple days post-op? I think we're going to fly PDX to LAX next weekend. How miserable will he be? Thanks! I really love your cover of Genesis' "Dance On A Volcano'! Enjoying my husband's govt holiday off! =) I'm gonna be so behind when I go back to school tomorrow omg let me know how it worked please :) Sitting in Vientiene, Laos having coffee at a French cafe. If you can't parallel park, don't drive into the city. Maryland, I'm looking at you. A star wants to see himself rise to the top. A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top. - Simon Sinek haha ya bro, my line was making me so mad! but we got this weekend bro! we gotta want it and i know i do! you and I both! Ha! You're welcome! no smell, no tell scotch ": I want to see the finished product....whatcha making" hey lady I will soon!! :) Uh oh, bible camp opened up and the sds agnostics are confrontational... Thank you! Actually, Heracles is the Greek spelling, and Hercules is the Roman spelling. It's not really spelled wrong. GOD BLESS I started getting advertisers offering me $$ to plop their ads onto my blog. The range goes from $300 - $2,000. Lots of haggling room. Hmm.. What, me play fair? Pfft. u a monkey <U+0001F412> hoe ass nigga! Today in 1938 a colored baseball (yellow) was used for the first time in any baseball game. It's gonna be cold!If your pet is outside provide him with a warm shelter.He can injury himself while trying to find a place to stay warm So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :) Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked Thursday night Bulls party didn't have to be cancelled after all.... AP coming out with pretty summer dresses *o* gimmmeee. I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol Christina () really fooled everyone today!The entire episode I thought she was dressing classy until she got up. lol class field trip to the ferry building (here til 12:15 if you're around too) #govconfecondev What are the chances of a double dip recession? Niggas wanna get paid get high get laid too funny! FOX's comedy line-up for next season looks to exceed both ABC & NBC. is a star. Pairing her show with New Girl? Brilliant. listing things that start with the letter D: dog, dance, donut where's miami? Like any generalization, spot on - generally. RT Social Media: CMO's love it. COO's are afraid of it. And CEO's are like wtf? Free classes tend to bring in uninterested people and the retention rates are really low. Not recommended Never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake... Murray can get up to 4 years but the way things are going in California prison system, he will do only 4 months on 4 years. Pink Kisses ;-o Muah! No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised. We all need to care for & be kind to each other. After watching more reviews on the Toshiba Thrive Tablet, I'm sold. The external SD slot was a deciding factor. Can't wait for release! “: Expo Line Phase 1 opens tomorrow! Where will you ride to?” The future. If Zollo and Wiltjer arm wrestled it could be the boringest hour of our lives! expressing& confessing on this page thats nota counciling session but helpin me quit all my sweatn on this rage in my chest like a 12 gauge Time to start the next season of #primeval, got my dinosaur mug in hand... I'm ready! Springdale AR for a shoot with Wal-mart World magazine. Wonder how long it's gonna take for him to txt me. Hmm. i hate fake shit and fake people are even worse you got people going out of their way for you and not one person has something to show lier! Good morning everyone! I had a fabulous weekend, and I've decided I want to start Mondays by sharing something around LA I really want to do yep, Sunday schedule. I just remembered that #newgirl was on tonight wahoo lol ouch, I'm going to be your bff throughout your whole life, you wait and see. You might even get sick of me, but too bad. Long line of cars heading over Loveland Pass WB due to I 70 fatal ax. you said with B Calipari, obviously he isn't that great of a player, does dads name carry weight? that's about all I can find. if it's in memory then there isn't much you could do to clear besides dns-prefetch-disable I heart yoga! Jeff Foster retires yesterday.. One of the best blue collar guys in the NBA and you guys don't even mention it.. Classy Colombians have so much pride for there country, its overwhelming. Yes, Close to the Edge. Rainy Day Music, to be sure! I just hope they get a discount on their hospital bills for showing up with the baby already born. Collaboration for me is building a professional team working with the best interests of the client in mind Short two hour excursion at Kings Island with Too bad Foursquare wasn't around when Waldo was missing. Wait—you're SELLING these, Hakeem?! ": Happy Mothers Day to my mom and my bestfriend's mom who's like a second mom to me :) #hotbestfriends" tell momma network! It's all about who you know unfortunately. wow, check out fancy new design! Back in Knoxville. I have a lot of work to do. My day before work today was awesome...I miss you My chair is slowly sinking. Goosebumps is on.. It's about an evil sponge. Please tell me why we were scared of this show/books again? Friend: "I hope you burn in hell." Me: "I hope you step on a lego in the dark." Friend: "Take that back!!!" Darling, I m pleased to tell u that I've nominated yr blog for 2 bog awards.Pls check my latest post to receive your awards! x I knows :) Reading @ barnes n noble #UN confirms "crimes against humanity" committed by #Assad regime in Hate when it's not football season because then there is nothing on tv I'm taking it day by day, wounded N.H. officer says - Boston Herald Our #changlorious #freefriday offer is open to residents of #teamblanketsburg and #pillowtown ... And The convos me n oomf have <U+E056> Hoping I don't get assassinated on this Ides of March. So Justin bieber is on the #MoneyTeam now apparently? Now we gon get fucked up no excuses no apologies Thanks for the follow! Saw & vertone at wing Daddy's :) I've tweeted 5x re:sheriff's lab witness who perjured himself & suddenly left the dept. Dumanis refuses to inform bar. HUge! : Step one to doin something... Do it urself Would you climb the Hollywood sign? Text me, jerkoffs. Is doing Comedy tonight at the P&H Cafe. Hosted by Brandon Samms. thanks Kari, grateful for the opportunity! Ugh. I had one of those in my oldest. Link Building Company Announces New FAQ Section On Site - San Francisco Chronicle (press release) New camper, boat and direct tv with MLB package installed, I'm never gonna want to leave #LazyRiverCampground this summer! Excited to be a panelist at the #nwfoodshow12 on #SocialMedia at 10:20 come to room 4C-1! Training at macys today! This is taking forever Teresa is a dinosaur machine lol I really can't wait until #fleamarket and #yardsale season starts again...i can use a good #junk day! Obligatory "at the DMV" tweet. Someone needs to make writing a lit review a game. Dble. pts. for citations with major impact factor; lose lives for bad APA citatn. style. Anyone up for a Facebook Only Target gc giveaway? This aint friday and i aint craig but dude stopped now dat we outside If Romney agrees to cut govt (and not the growth of gov't), audit the Fed, and scale back foreign intervention, I'm on board Can't spell Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a $10 donation thank you so much!!! :) Dude I wanna live in a window display and get sponsored by downey!! Garden State Mall w. my right hand mans Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle™ all of our products are 100% natural, and jewelry is handmade. Stay tuned for special sales! Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the celebration in Lexington! Flash mobs :) Wed. night @ TryOuts is drag night! open to all 18 & up. BYOB! Join us @ 5500 Babcock Boo Boo Stewart is fascinated by DNA imprints at the Golden Globes Are you a chaser? hahaha I'm so dumb sometimes I swear. Oopsies. Haha That's what's up! RT : Fletcher Cox is the 11th first round pick in Mississippi State history. Fourth-highest pick in MSU history. Yes, it was Gonzaga +7.5. Barely but it hit. are you afraid of people taking #control of their own lives? or at least trying to? It's 48 out right now. I think I may just stay in bed w the heater on this presidents day. i went back to the wishlist, laid it out different & cut 2 systems... I'm not going to be as happy, but it should work. Chile es un pais de fuerza y solidaridad admirable. I love you people!!! Please positive minded people unite! Wow Jenelle was dumb for taking Kieffer back only to have him break up w/ her #fail & Adam is so disrespectful to Chelsea Had a dealer so excited about Gemeinhardt he signed up as an official Gemeinhardt dealer for the first time in all his years in the business Interesting thought-those who are visually impaired cannot use e-readers. Something to keep in mind with digital textbooks I would love to hit up the ridge if I didn't have class Summer reading: Jack Kerouac's lost novel "The Sea is My Brother," actually written 7 yrs before Town and City; hints of "On the Road." I wonder if feels stupid now that she realizes Suzie effed up Having a great conversation with social media strategist She's doing awesome work. I really love video gonna love u.. It has a great message to all the fathers out there taking care of their children hope to see you Thursday at west canada! Only on camera only on camera. Lies!! RT : Nigga u eat butt too ": You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt." He said that about 400 times during that segment Walking the streets of chelsea thinking " Isn't this the perfect place to create a startup". I love New York! ... City that is! I nearly died. ha! “: 5 minutes on the balcony for all of you.” Would you rather be convicted by the Spirit now, or judged by God later? I listened to it on the way to work today. It makes it a new song in my opinion. Its a weird style clash but works really well. Yes, I just ate ice cream for lunch but when it's it doesn't count because it is so crazy good. Sea salt w/ caramel ribbons. assume he meant "in a full season league." I bet there are some in the bush administration who think when they get to your site, "ah-ha! we have finally found the WMDS!" Working on myself new clothing line...it is totally different than my suiting. It is called FAITH CULTURE more to come. #90sinsults "Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider." ;D Daniel Tosh <3 how I love him I dont even make sense Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it. Black Acre Irvington will be a must. They should open this week. Triton is in Lawrence, but their tap room and beer are awesome Congrats to you too girl! Thanks KOP Mall for hosting such a fun event! :) #IHate when people do stupid stuff when driving and cause an accident and lots of traffic because of it #Relationships sometimes we say things to manipulate others into changing. He is not the one. I don't understand why the place hasn't gone up like a roman candle. Especially when it was windy. White Castle announces that they will start serving beer and wine in test markets. Thoughts... Ha, listening hasn't replaced reading, just complements it. I drive far too much to not take advantage of it. Add Philadelphia to the short list of cities I could live in work bag, clothing. I own everything in the apple store already ;) Anyone want to play a show with us? only spandex. 12 more days of school.? uh , hell yeah. Thanks! Glad to hear you like I just wish I was a guy in theatre Listening to the COO of Any Lab Test Now talk about a social media nightmare. Cyber stalking is scary stuff! Big credit for those assistants at WSU always out there working the road, & I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends Aubree is super cute, darling. No wonder, she looks like you. Who would like to see a funny brain teaser that has been going around Facebook today!? glad we can close that chapter! :-)thank you! Best deals on poker stuff!!! www.eproducts4less.biz Im chaffing......fml. 3 more hours to go.... keepin me alive. I am trying really hard right now... Off to school big math test today:/ she has fallen in love w/the white gaze & deeply believes black people are inferior. Resistance from Hirsi? Forget it. throw in urban farmsteading and that's everyday in Portland Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling. miss u we need to do dinna or a drink! Please don't let drive you down the #MESSY street that she lives on. You probably thought that you'd make me cry but baby it's okay I swear it's okay DTE SLOW THEN A MF TAKING ALL GOT DAM DAY Great time planning #4 w the crew tonight! Can you say Duthie Hill and bring you MTB chops? likewise. How about we disrupt the world a bit? Hate waking up to the sun in my face! <U+2600><U+0001F44E> Great! Will do, thanks #THATCamp #SE: The Humanities and Technology Camp South Eas When I wear blue jeans to work, it's burning up in here. When I wear shorts, it's freezing. #whatgives? Haha #BieberOnTheVoice just turned me on . tmi ? who cares , I will always love Justin <U+E328> #dearnetflix: I receive a disk that only plays the previews as you roll out plan pushing streaming? Accident or not, subscription cancelled. word ? Aite I'm leaving for SoCAL for the summer like june 12 I think so hopefully I can link up with Andrew in SD too. I can't lie me and the girls looking real fly today! Get fly or go home. Home is never an option though lol Picking my classes for next year.. I think! Thank you so much for the tweet about my "Starlight" necklace! :-) what was wrong with your account? Thanks & sorry lol Hey Don! Thanks for the following. Have a great day I think I already do What a disappointment, iPad only offered to at&t users. Apple you made such a big mistake when you chose At&t! thanks - you can also build maps directly in GeoCommons Romney is out of touch with common people,come on $57,000 a day and he cares about me? Power is what he wants.The price of gas,milk no clue! I wanna see The Cabin in the Woods and Lockout! They both come out on the same day! Received a spam "reminder" purportedly from subject 'LinkedIn private message.' Looks like legit 2010 emails. advise not to click lol chemistry is so slow :( kind of!?!? We had rules. was with Tim Armstrong and Engine Room all morning...new Jimmy Cliff album really coming together... new music very very soon...bad ass!!! thank you #fritolay customer service! Call back for national Nintendo commercial went great! ": Also, I'm screwed if Duke loses. #theywont #ncaa #goduke" just lost a finals team myself... .RT : My favorite sexual euphemism is from Dante: "And they read no more that evening . . ." lol xD but....... That's a epic name I guess a perfect day, for the perfect couple...so glad to share it! : ) In tupelo about to see the devel inside of me"!!!!!! #pzs12 starts off with a homework assignment: everyone, come up with questions for us! I want Vinny at SS. RT : Which pitcher would you want to play a position when Aoki pitches? What hurts the most is being so close, and losing the time to finally get the chance to be with someone you never really had A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor. #inappropriatefuneralsongs look at me now Re: retaining talent in #ElPaso: we need federal leadership that will provide opportunities in our community and for our young people. change of plan- going to KM level 1 tomorrow morning at 10:00. Might see you in passing. If not, have a good New Year! “: ” Finally, someone gets us. We ask employees to track all volunteer hours, done on personal time and done on company time. made it home safe, mami - thank you to you and h for the ride! amazing time. so happy to have spent it with you (in a sports bar?) Harper's first MLB HR gets a curtain call. you get the trot time? Seemed fast. Thanks Big Sis! A Real Man Knows When He's Been Beat !!! in the gym chillen with U aren't even with you really get paid to tweet? To my Lord and savior Jesus Christ: Thank u for waking me up, for starting me on my way & letting me see the sunshine of a brand new day! Wooden or folding, padded or not, just someplace to sit our butt. We need your chairs! Donate today, we have volunteers in the space today! Why, oh why, do I get sucked into these TV shows? I knew Bachelorette was going to annoy me AGAIN! And, why is Entourage so lame so far? He means 8 lane. I love me time:-) Back to reality slave shifts && low pay thanks..:) i love italy..i'm from LA..:)xx welcome back Decided I'm going to make a 13x18 print of a hubble photo tonight. Haven't decided which one. the shade of it all, im sure that will be a rule next year no phone calls to kicked off members I met this weekend at Icon studios in ATL real, real cool. Haha you are very funny :) Thank you and same to you. Hope we can help support your cause in some way. lost another chance at a job 'cause I can't drive 15 Minute Dinners Don't let time constraints keep you from putting a nice, healthy home-cooked meal on the table for your family. With th Thanks! always does a bang up job with the Hannah Vogel covers! oh no lol Finished my online Application to UTEP for my Masters Degree. Starbucks drive thru not as nuts as I expected. Just had a nice fight tryin to let someone cut in. She declined. A pigeon is trapped under the netting on the platform at the Tarrytown Metro North station. It's lain two eggs and is cooing for help. I have a date with Hurricane Earl tonite. Im wearing a black dress and black boots. Hopefully he'll sweep me off my feet... ¤ Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example. Francois de La Rochefoucauld Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama That is way cool! For $500 that is a steal. How far did you travel in it? My last tweet :) have fun with your new boyfriend, and I love you :) The Game of Propaganda « TheRR9&#39;s Report THANKS! And right back at U. Congrats on all ur success! BTW I'll be in Toronto screening a short film at June 23! And that last tweet is likely all you need to catch you up! Hope you're well. So y this dude say he was gone kill my kids & my mom cause i dont wanna fuck him? Wow really? Well, facebook made $0.23 today. Sometimes caring too much can be your biggest weakness. I'm not a laker fan and that infuriates me. RT sessions and blake lineups infuriate me. haha, okay! Goodnight. (: Sriracha sauce for sure! Then spicy mustard I think. Hey everyone. How's ur day going Only if you knew my intentions aren't to do you dirty. An I always make good decisions why did you say sad nigga #gratitude for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend! What up Doe Pacers hold on in OT after blowing a 19 point lead in 4th. But a win is a win. 101-99. what's stopping you? love to hear the roar of fans in the Dome. I guess people really don't realize that stress is a choice. Life's not easy, we shouldn't expect it to be. awww thats so true, you know you tweet some pretty cute true stuff <3 I hate the lot of you. Go Browns! Seriously though, Taco Bell needs to deliver. Haha figures. Even at the last All Star Draft when Zdeno Chara picked Corey Perry, he said "From the Anaheim Mighty Ducks..." Wish my spouse had hundreds of millions in off shore accts gained by firing American workers so I could be "stay-at-home-dad". thanks for the tweet! How did u hear about the show?? she was staring at her Jesus sandals like "wtf lebron? I paid good money for these seats" I'm good :{) and in english class :( Home alone :( are you talkin bout you me and jo!?! I noticed the same thing yesterday and was curious. We live near 44th and France. Are you coming back to L.A. while touring? ok what should i do about the bullies Tryna stay up till he get off at 4:00am.. lord help me! At "Large Enterprise Social Media Professionals Unite!" meet-up. Looking forward to seeing how others work to get F500s up on SM. So is mikeah jennings ESPN should've checked with you guys! We all remember the first time a cute guy was your friend months before discovering you and your brother weren't dating. Or is that just me? Flying #Porter. So long MDW. I'm heading for the warmer climes...of Canada. will do. Thnx for the support thanks! Glad to see you joined twitter. ** waits for reply message* == while elevator music plays... Interesting concepts about the victim triangle where people can be victims, persecutors, and rescuers. Getting students to recognize educational scaffolding through games - achievements for awesome Exec. Chef - Catering, Mark Schmidt, answers questions during Celebrity Chef Q&A at Hospital Food Fight. Send us you Q's! RIP Dick Clark :( On the one hand, of course nobody gets to control language, and it's a jerky move to bludgeon people for perceived poor usage well ok then too bad NOTHING MAKES YOU LOOK UGLY -___- haha was it a fun party? :) She could be anywhere in the world, but she's here with me. I don't even know how to spam or stop it woke up from my nap to find that ma made blts for dinner A word you will never hear me use: chillax. Also dope as adjective, versus noun. She doesnt hate trust me You know what I'm saying ahha Woke up at 3:27 to do homework!!! Biggest procrastinator here lol! 12 pgs of Cornell notes due first period! you have no body fat sir. Pretty sure I can win this hands down. When I get back from CO, it is on like donkey kong! I should probably update my profile picture; I have a lot more hair now. give me a contract If u send me a pic of ur ass...ill tell u wat type of girl u r...nd wat ur future holds Gm twitter world My brother doesn't know I'm home and he is currently singing his lungs out. It is cute and hilarious and well.. Really bad. <U+0001F60C> Gets us to reverse our thinking and consider social media "incoming branding" "Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, don't put up with people who are reckless with yours." You can't spell studying without dying. Captain America is my hero. Just saying. good night. Love you more Everyone follow if you were a 90's kid! Haha, brings back memories (; Scott's air vents smell like some dank blow .... Why oh why must people break glass all over downtown? I can't help you there, I dont have a lot of followers. I figured....if I built it, they would follow...but I may have over thought that... Hopefully my triangle tunnels come in today I will lose terribly RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate? Glad its friday. Appreciate the mentions and RT's, thanks! JPeters1221 “: MT Toddler Angel Babcock (the only survivor of the family of 5 in Pekin, IN) has been taken off life support.”SO SAD! I believe I'm free tomorrow night. Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 12-13 mil make Hughes contract harder to do? Let's open a pizzeria and close at f#*€in 9 pm. Good business. having lunch with your mama 4 her bday. Watson fucked over Chicago hey heyy omg i miss you <3 are you going to come by? “: You might like this - Rachel Platten and Caitlin Rose - fresh female singer-songwriters on the rise thanks! omg what!? Have fun! Maybe I'll see ya around :) Come on C's ... I miss u guys we have to still meet up this summer ... :) What doesn't shake me, doesn't wake me. #PhatLinez with c: I havent figured you out. I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes. So did breitbart. what a game who were you rooting for in the heat of the moment? "Backend-as-a-Service" OMG THIS SHIT IS REAL. What a fuzzball! :) Trying to decide in what order to bathe, feed and caffeinated is really hard when you're hungry, tired and dirty. I think the pressure is getting to Santorum. For him to suggest BHO is a better choice that Romney is completely off-the-chain! I will have to try that next time Happy Old Stuff Day! My co-worker just said "Hoarders rejoice!" -- not what the day is about, but hilarious nonetheless grimey gates the set the movement love it or hate it Just passed the promo van.... Oh memories! I know you're scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake. they followed me allthe way home The sun is out, the beer is cold and the patio is hopping. Get on down to the Cow and see some old hot faces! Giddy Up! Iron-fisted leadership produces rebellion! Servant leadership produces loyalty. thank you! "Just pick up a fucking book" Hi ! I look forward to meeting you next week at #TIIP4P! I love annoying you, Mrs Christina Schmidt. Ok. I registered, but ended up having meetings scheduled today. I will check the site for the recap. CALL MUCHO ASAP so wish I could!!!! Matt, thanks for the RT and thanks for getting the tour together No, but I should. Been have some strange ones lately. Do you? Walked 12miles today! My legs freggin kill. Of course! It sounds like a great time! Types of nicotine my mom uses on a daily basis: cigs, the patch, gum. But not at the same time anymore so it's okay she says. DRob reminds me of John Wetteland...closer before MO...does not like 1-2-3 9th inn...PHEW...! FIRST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL WAS FUN:D I MADE NEW FRIENDS:) you know that was for me dude. Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD At the world premiere of "When the Bough Breaks". Very powerful documentary about the Center for Child Protection in Austin OovoO ' In w. Prod's Cousin Amber :* never followed me)': I've had this account forever... Lol. Yes!! RT “: I'll defer to ... non-Bo critics. when Berggren can't check in, then play goes awry, don't you call TO? Get him in? That's pretty pathetic! Im Insecure, i know what for, im not turnin heads when i walk through the door. I know i'm not beautiful. stupid caution for Krul considering there's 10 more mins to go. Your new album sounds risque! I'm guessing it wouldn't happen about drugs or escorts, now would it? :) Back in the CLE baby Some lucky follower might have a chance to spend 2 nights comp in Las Vegas on the strip follow us on twitter and facebook for more updates Sometimes you just have "one of those days" and you need to give into it. Unfortunately, I just don't have that option today. How are things going? What's with this #netflix lawsuit? It seems I shouldn't have to opt out of this... I've got so much shit to do it's not even funny. MISS U A WHOLE BUNCH!!!!! “: Emotional tweeters drive me nuts.” WHy did you drop my ass Walters?! You should check out "American Teacher". It's a great doc playing LA and NY this week, but hoping it gets support. My C-Town wish is a big one. A snowless January! and Kyrie makes the all start team. not sure which is the bigger stretch. Another very #warm and #breezy day for #NewMexico! I'll tell you if we can expect that to change in the next week tonight on KOB 4! Great day today, got things done loving Up early, on my way to CT to close a chapter of my life that never officially started. Don't forget to check out the first annual coffee roast today! 10-2 Indeed, that is what I meant. 11 years ago, I was 15...only 3 months away from getting my driver's license! #BostonSportsReport: Massachusetts backs off school bake sale ban – USA TODAY What happened to Odom? Fisher? Hmm..... Where are you going to college? Thanks for sharing our new video :) Congrats Adam!! RT : RT : Just committed to Glenville St University Welcome to the jungle, we've got fun and gamess When my pencil falls in class , I usually take it by dragging my foot , because I.m too lazy to take it with my hand ^-^ lmaoo . Michael Powell #ces - bought first 10 MB hard drive for over $2000; today he has 32 GB on his hip for under $200 Definitely miss you being here - I'll let everyone know that you say haaaeeeeyyy! looking for blog-techie genius to modify wordpress theme code for not much money, hopefully in Austin, know anyone? Woo i love r&b Man, this twitter app is getting on my nerves... what movie are you watching....???? #AskKenzie how many boyfriends have you had? I'm working on a brochure for my #Jterm course. What do students want to know about a potential course? Hey, you think because we're just a bunch of chicken heads there doesn't have to be some kind of order around here? Get at the new band It really bugs me seeing a bunch of young kids wearing tye-dye and claiming they're hippies... Please tell me a Grateful Dead song... Just got back from my run to find out an earthquake hit ohio. I know I need to lose weight but I can only hope that I didn't shake the earth Hello, I am sending you an e-mail via your website. Thanks, Robert Why do teachers assume the Mom always packs lunches, snacks, treats, etc.? Sub told me to thank my wife for the good snack. Adults bullying teens on fb? Really?? Proud of Lexi for knowing exactly who she is. She has the power to let it all go! Apparently, water slides are quite a workout for a woman my age. My muscles are complaining today. :) On a date with my boyfriend, Sleep school work repeat. Forever. Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!! I know. I was only joking. xD I don't sleep much remember? Only a few more days to explore Columbus restaurants with week. These menus look so tasty! Where do you plan on going? Sweet home Chi town Jamie's lookin to get fancy again... thanks for the birthday wishes!! :) I don't think Pandora will bring Apple down at all... now, some OTHER Google products have potential. ;) ": This is gonna be a badass series" bad ass short series this one going 5 Spurs 4-1 To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you! Red bull #GivesYouWings but the #smashbrothers give u real music! You're too cute for words!! Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. And so it is, just like you said it should be. Those who really ride with me will show it next thursday...i have no room for anyone who don' t...it's a wrap for you Shout out to ! if you love me, you will follow them <3 You know it ;) like legs, underarms, back/shoulders, legs. May I suggest waxing; it takes longer foe the hair 2 grow back, & when it does, it's finer .. “: If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect then to be able to keep a relationship going.” Crystal Bell: 'Revenge' Recap: Goodbye Sammy Sweetheart: They say that when it rains, it pours, especially in the Hamptons. Emily is ... It's a spreadsheet kind of day... everyday should be Valentine's Day. Thanks Ryan, I just sent you an email. 'Funeral Singer'; the Wedding Singer's fallback career. Dunno, I generally think of it as "'s blog" and pay no attention to its actual title. By this time tomorrow my IUE will be nothing but a distant memory. to wake up early for breakfast? Probably a miracle. Big shout out to our #ppanf2 sponsors. Thanks much! It's way too early tell me about it. I googled it. An intimate friend knows the secrets of your heart. ~ Maria Carter true that #shoutout my new followers thank you!!!! #yngsquad #teamfollowback get down wit us!!! Can I be off work now Up and at 'em on #NHprimary day! “: Check out op-ed on #CISPA Think of this bill as TSA for the internet. Now how you gonna vote? #echelon3000 tonight everyone free all night ladies drink free Gluten free means I am not chasing down the suv that advertises "girl scout cookies on board" in this parking lot right now We're meeting with a restaurant owener later this week for some guidance! So exciting! I'm on my way to work. Let's make today better than yesterday. Good day, bad day: April 30, 2012 Without Facebook, how would I know that my aunt likes Target? *facepalm* Its the REGULAR SEASON. Playoff intensity picks up. Indy deep too Stop exposing me... -____- Its time for and The Girl is first on my schedule... #traffic. This is one of the reasons I hate the frigging mornings. Seriously a drive that takes 15 min at night now take 45...WTF? LoL! That's funnier than the joke!!!! HAHAHAHAHA No I'm gonna queer activist all over your mentions Last Wed. it was 84, today high of MAYBE 44. #BRRRR! Wind chill even colder says it's never to late:) We will be opening our first retail location in Pittsburgh at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall in Feb 2012. Come hear tunes from the Music Library, 2PM Odegaard Dance Party! Evan is diesel as shit. it turns out apples can talk mad shit I feel like i barely get on anymore D: but how is everyone? Meet BIG KRIT @ the Black house Now!!! idk if you heard me say bye...but I left :) i'll probably be back in an hour and a half or sometime before noon thirty. I sure love you! ... I was a YA librarian and now write for them. Where do you work? When u get "K" for a response in a message it means this conversation is over for sure bruh! i think ima be chillin at bikestyles on Sat b4 the show so ill post when ima be there, so come up wit ur friends haha @ tear face I was unemployed for 4 months. First time since I was 12, because I wanted something out of retail Digium Switchvox integration with Cabmate Dispatch proof of concept is up and running :D Nothing brightens my day more than a rude customer I'm in vegas on my way home from work now, see you on g+!!! Idea Village is hosting a happy hour on Monday 10/24. Thank you Jesus for the peace you have given me :) Reunited with and and it feels so good!' aw wish I was an angel but that's gotta be and ;) ..you are more sweeter than me, end off girl!<U+2665> Can I just work as a blogger for the rest of my life, instead of going to grad school? *Pouts* M, give me juicy pork over “shoe leather” pork any day of the week! #InstantTurnOff: Guys whose heads are bigger than their dicks. We've had such beautiful weather this week! What's your favorite way to greet (early)Spring warmth? It's sort of like a puzzle box. And more authentic looking than anything I've seen. Headed back toward the temple after that. LeBron not taking the last shot is like Josh Hamilton calling for a pinch hitter in the bottom of the 9th in a tie game Retweet if you think relationships these days are a JOKE. It's like April 1st all year long. hell yeah! Keyword should be in yout title, description and tags to get the best results on Texas has a fast lane for the death penalty, which fits into classical theory. Latin night legooo!!! Think I had these b4 The wheels of my mind grind slow, but exeedingly slow. who do you want to win??? hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? please follow me?(: 3 Marlboro Pike at Brooks Dr - VEHICLE FIRE reported at Steve's east side this Thur night! Come getcha groove on! Timmmbberrrrrr... big tree down-right lane southbound 163. Go that way to get to the airport be careful - should be clear by 5:00 AM. PICK ME PICK ME!?! lucky!! it's still cold in Chicago! brr! And the rain D: lol how's everything? ironically the only thing I can say in my Amy Winehouse voice is "you need to get your shit together" Do you like Chicago? I've got some people to recommend ... great! You coming out tonight? Thank you ! RT I was ready before being ready was cool. Oh geez, strange brew is on the netflix. My night is planned. Absolutely weeing trying to have a conversation with my deaf grandad! Thanks Bubba! Ask and ye shall receive. :) See you at Mullens! Best show on TV RT Just turned on This Jared ad with the guy proposing in coach is just too much. State of the Union, or reelection campaign? Some people. Need to get this book love for dummys Hold on to nothing as fast as you can... it is a yes or no pick heading back to NY for a week...see everyone in 2012! RT Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers I've been counting down the days on my bedroom door. I'm pretty sure when they come on TV i'm going to fall out of my chair lol #Imagine You're about to kiss Harry when he pulls away. You:"Harry!" Harry:*Giggles* "Aw you're so cute when you're angry." *Kisses you* Not even joking, so many bands are following. snow bound in philadelphia with only one week until i move to pittsburgh and become a student again. the word on the street you a hoe,just a groupie on a world tour your a hoe,now i found out for myself your a hoe girl ya need 2 check yaself Why oh why can't I write this stupid last paper of the semester? Staring at screen & stuffing my face with chocolate & nothing's happening. Still trying to get workflow to sync B cam to a cut sequence edited with only A cam Give 'em an F in Stats. Whoo Hoo - the semester starts tomorrow! Welcome spring interns. For the procrastinators you still have a little over a week to register. becauseIcanhelp.com: Donate $10 in support of The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the LA Marathon and help us reach our goal! Well, not too bad. Imagine being in Indiana or Utah? I can't believe those kids drive 6 to 8 hrs to go to a show! So thankful to be alive right now. I'll live for God everyday. Promise ya that. Tip of the day: If you dont want to wait then alls you got to do is show up not on time. I rock and I roll sweet Susie! - I sprinkle salt after I put them on the baking sheets & don't use parchment paper. It cleans easily enough without. “Today, you have 100% of your life left.”....... Tom Landry. Yes, that means there's still time to achieve your dreams. Now get to it :)! Hey nice pic Can't sleep #fml! Thank you, that's very helpful. hey my twitters being garbage (not letting me tweet to my followers) please fix!!! 3 stories due in the next few. Need any writing/reporting done? Let me know and bring it on!! Come on, we know you couldn't possibly think that. RT You're not going to get very far on the Road of Life if you turn around and go home as soon as you run into a Roadblock. Congrats to today's winner ! Please DM us your address so that we can send you your tickets! Hit the jackpot and wanted to move up to cocaine fulfilling the scarface fantasy stuck in his brain Congratulations! You won the latest draw for Lunch with Max, any plans to come to LA in the near future? THE O'S SWEEP!!!!!! What a game. What a game. " very cool! Hurry up March! Most know as a committed practice management advisor, but few know he enjoys piña coladas and getting caught in the rain. (2) figure out which points may be useful in finding a good line, (3) maximizing the distance between the line and those points Miss judging corners and killing your hip on the wall<<< Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : The Eagle (live updates) I just need to move on... Does anyone feel an epically awesome 2012 comin up? Sure Bell gets paid in 2012. The rest of his total package is likely money to never be earned from the Eagles. "when people joke about the things you're insecure about" I like your music. You seem like a funny dude. How does it feel that tons of people come to shows to hear you play? You. Do you want to be awesome? If you donate money now it will be doubled! www.pinkbananatheatre.com, act now and we will love you forever! um. "too young" what kind of crazy cryogenic world do you live in? Proposed Durbin legislation will break the Mastercard/Visa duopoly, capping debit card charges & enforcing competition on the merchant side. Stop by and see Mama at 3657 N. Southport. Parked in front of Dog-a-holics until 3:00 today!! cool bowl! The graph continues: Sir Ian, Sir Ian, Sir Ian...WIZARD! Can't wait to see your work in the new film Ian! Need a good #yoga class for me and the mister this weekend in #NYC. Suggestions? Fave studios? I have an extra ticket for widespread panic tonight. Who's down???? Looking for community stores to donate items to Doc It Foundation. Clothing, bedding, or any items that you can donate. Big announcements coming in the legal research world! We teach awareness and how to avoid conflict as well as non-lethal options. The gun is your absolute last resort. Education is key! Wow...was a few weeks ago. I guess time flies. cc What features would your ideal truck have? So it's monday I have loads of homework and to top it all off we have pictures this week...WONDERFUL (sarcasm intended) >:P Back to work for me today. Everyone enjoy the last day of #TxLA12! It was great to see so many fierce librarians in one place! I have so much homework sometimes the decisions which seem hardest to make, are the ones that will eventually make us happiest #supernatural the rest of the day? I think so.(: People storming out in the middle of the show! People laughing, crying and making donations! What's going on here? BROWNIE POINTS thru 5/27 Hands you a Spurs shirt LOL Who is AIRMAN? :) back at work, wah! hey turkey I win! Hands down So I guess nobody can make a lay up??? Hi! Do you still have tix for NYTM? I would love to buy them from you :) Thanks! how's that even possible?! Also, locals here talk down LOL in favor of HON so I never hear about it. "Good Luck" [<Guy from Takens voice>] I thought it said you can drop nay off and you guys can go di fun stuff I was like ~_~ The ESL Music event last night at Rutamaya was off the hook!!! #Luck is such deliberately and painfully constructed narrative project, it seems like it would reward super-close attention “: when y'all get famous can y'all get Jessica alba to marry me?” period she's yours Yeah, that's the one! Damn I could really go for one right about now. They say it's the best bar-B-que in the south end!!!! When I see all the past seniors college photos, it just gets me so excited for next year. Loving the Flogging Molly? Now that's my kind of Meteorologist! And now the countdown begins to both the new year and #CES #UNVEILED for ZOMM! It's beautiful! Excited to have just read a review in print for 40000 fav. & ex-Chicago artist Josh Mannis. Will be soon. God I love dating straight men. I'm serious....I can't find nobody to fuck or eat it right so I give up lol Classes starting August 1st and 2nd! Check out our schedule at www.TuckerSchool.com! Crowdsourcing: More imp. than metadata from public is fact that you're engaging them to help do your work considering playing 13 Pag. Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live Advertising your show door to door is tough. Not so much because it's impractical, but girl scouts don't like sharing their turf. Speaking the #truth MIGHT feel risky and uncomfortable... but it ALWAYS feels good to do the right thing. And Jennifer Shilling won too! :) Nice! I will be taking advantage of that! :-) k not my fault u wouldn't drive over Haha okay good. (; and I glued it:D sorry it took so longg... I'm trying to figure this thing out:) RT : Grateful to be working alongside in the #drought region - We are too!! Thank you for your partnership How do make the apple tho You and Nicki Manaj are the greatest things to happen to me. i'm partial to the people :) Storms on the water are so beautiful... especially when it is all sunny on the beach. This was in Siesta Key, Florida. Celebrating 13 years of marriage with my man today haha im happy for you guys<3 hold up! when is this happening? Fudge, peppermint bark, & homemade cranberry sauce to the Inlaws today. Tomorrow it's dressing, green beans amandine,and a sweet potato dish Feels like christmas eve ...hope Peyton is under the tree in the morning... Goodnight Doris Burke with the sit down sideline report...? is getting lazy I suppose. Black hair extensions are a Billion Dollar global industry, and theres no regulation or transparency with regards to quality/pricing! do you have a Facebook link for them? Guy at tried to skimp me on the chicken. Had no idea who he was dealing with. I was polite. My little sis sees my copy of "#HowToBeBlack" by and asks "Why is this a book?"... To be responsible for oneself, it is first necessary to acknowledge what one is doing - Carol Gilligan from Isabel Rimanoczy Only in Kentucky do people go to a "sheep herding contest." Well, and Scotland. Explore this weekend! Whats a neighborhood you've been meaning to discover? Looks like Test Track at Epcot is still scheduled for refurbishment in just a few days! .. your probably thinking to yourself .::I wish this nigga would tell me something::. Now we won! yeah I'm not allowed to hah (: Hiya pal!! Getting ready to pawwwwteeeeee! (2 of 4) I added each Follower to Lists with names like Friends, Enemies, News, Politics, etc. that "oh my god" moment when you finish a really good book *giggles* Nice one DJ Road Tripping in The RAIN!! Hey Houston, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow! nope. Changing password! re: Southtown TIF community collaboration meeting I'm encoding a video right now. Lakers getting that @$$ whoop!! Dude getting all mad & knocking over sh** lol 10 seconds...... Let the count down begin lol. I don't even like the Lakers, why am I watching this game ...and at is BOOKED! can't wait I don't have any plans. I don't create the plans my wife does. Put me in front of a dog and I'll make sure the dog has a plan for his life.. indeed she is :) very well put. Photo shoot next week.... Shena Renee coming soon :) ok so what we doing? I have researched 7 ancient cultures that encoded movement in their ancient animations. China and Peru are coming soon. If not, you wouldn't be doing your job! Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0-of-9 from the field after nine minutes of action. A reminder about the flyer they sent you! RT : Boy, I wish my alma mater would email me begging for money some time. Thanks Kate!!! hey dude what ya'll up to man? we should hang out sometime when ya'll aren't bein totally awesome rockstars and shit Happy Mother's Day to all the cool mom's out there. Buy her something nice & spoil the fuck out of her if possible. haha i will for sure :) we would like to thank and for all their support! you two hashed like 10,000 times! :) and thanks 2 everyone else! Great block Ohmygosh, did you guys see me in and 's #CoolMorning2? broccoli and cheese soup and um the national championship too!! I saw your tum tum was upset that's the worst! sorry momma Got a lot on my plate and I just can't eat it all! I need to sort through a lot of things!#Life Which way should I go? <U+2B06><U+2B07><U+2B05><U+2199><U+2198><U+2196><U+2197><U+27A1><U+27A1><U+2B06><U+2B07><U+2197><U+2199> oh well would you look at that.... it seems i've run out of clothes. guess it'd better get downstairs and do laundry RT I am starving. fruity pebbles or cinnamon chex? How bout some eggs & some fresh fruit. RT : So the debate team beat Yale today? So much I could say, but I'll just say job well done fellas & coach Ilya Davis feel like my heart is pieces Not all of them yet! :D #harrison smith packers Ohh need to talk to you But she was no angel so we never waited Awe Okay well yup That's What's Being Sold & Of Course My House... “: When my youth leader comes up to me and says "Your new boy is cute, I seen him on Facebook with you!" >>>>>” Hows it going? Did you see I found you on squidoo and read a few of your lenses? I always think #ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope #don'tlabelme Why is so great at the beginning of the flight and so slow at the end? And why is CAPTCHA necessary? The latest Woodburn High School changes next w/Tim Riley listening to Circa Survive. Anthony Green's voice<3 About to set up at the WH BrewFest... Come out and see me in VIP! you were my first. shit i cant tell, i thought u retired like mase Ted says he is perfect. A perfect asshole and a dick Nah I Would LOVE To See That! It's still Gnome 3, but more reasonable. fair enough. whew. i barely avoided that one... I thought you were supposed to go home?! is hosting a cool discussion about content development with new #media tools at 11am join us! Preparing for a presentation tomorrow on Delivering the WOW effect and why theming has become an important piece of the puzzle for FEC's. was just on now out again....I have checked all connections and they are tight. Tech can come anytime. I will be here. idk but I'd steer clear of us if you don't wanna catch anything! but we all know that's impossible :) can i request a review copy of "nurture" by ? It's 3:16pm. Time to pray for all the difficult ones! the possibilities regarding pants are now endless. Why Do Bike-Share Riders Skip Helmets? tell me more. MADE IT TO THE LORDS HOUSE TODAY awesome worship service, i'm rejuvenated I taped it might upload it! energy was flowing! OKbye. Now i am officially Leaving :P Have fun in Vegas! Let me know if you need hook ups :) #ThoughtsOnMyMind when hell are they gonna start cooking breakfast! cool. I'll be there too :) Newest discovery in Santiago: impersonator for added context, your last tweet came into my feed between something about "shoe porn" and something about Justin Bieber. girls know how to fake a smile, boys know how to fake their feeling.. time for a bonfire! On this date: In 1770, Marie Antoinette, age 14, married the future King Louis XVI of France, who was 15. Just stocked up on , got $20 bucks off my order (code: HOLIDAY), and gave it back to all in a few clicks. I LOVED your vegan carrot cake. Thank you! Once I GRADUATE im never looking back.... i meant "hear, hear!" It took me 60 seconds to get bored of watching someone else play it. PUMPED for Skyward Sword though!!! After watching Tinker Tailor the husband wants to read more Bond books. I wanna read more Smiley. That's so us. Oh, this sounds good but I have a 7am call time for shoot Sunday. Dang it, Cowboys just scored again. They are ahead for the moment. We need Vick to the rescue again. 8 days until New Orleans. Can't wait for the "Much depends on dinner." - Byron TRUTH: Our wings are finger lickin’ good. Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is:: Think before u cheat sex for 1 nite aint better then love for a lifetime!!! Pitchmart....are you pitching? Getting topper's sticks from papa john's. Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you #stevejobs ! can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 242 hope all is well sir! What are your plans for the coming weekend? Spring break trip? haha. I actually got excited for a sec RT #NothingFeelsBetterThan being a black man that is out here doing positive things instead of negative things. ---> Love it! dood that mom was joking with you :P haha but yeah dood where did you meet that girl that you said is your gf in yur twitpic 8:30am tomorrow we are doing a walkthrough of a potential home for the Institute. Fingers crossed! So sick of disappointment. hey you should meet He's on the eastside too! Awesome guy I used to work with ! :) It's funny how distant two people can become, despite how close they used to be. I agree. Shorter #inaug09 tag easier. I like use of #dctrip09, too. Love you too... Thanks for keeping me in check... I am still good and going strong. Hows the marathon training coming? Go To Team's Tom Wells shooting promos with the cast of MTV's Teenwolf tonight on the F3 I heard it was really emotional Seriously. It should not have been a tough call. Toney Douglas may be the worst, chucker-est starting NBA PG I've ever seen. TWEET ME AM BORED: I'm an extremely picky person.. Which doesn't help at all www.5starlimos.us book your #limo now we have unbeatable prices Yep:) I Love Them <3 French press is the only way to go...somehow I feel as though I'm making Juan Valdez proud! Happy snow day to those off today; safe travels to everyone coming to the Anschutz medical campus. ah, I see your in DC, well you should totally do it there too! ps. GEM is outrageous! It's a perfect day to explore Baltimore! its like a social experiment every time. With time running out, we are looking for a screen print sponsor (100-2 color print, or as little as 50-2 color print). We will cross promo what happened to your sista? Aw we'll have sleep overs more often nwhatnot. I'm fine :) thanks tho boo <3 I can help you out, DM and I can show you several aternatives. I love wearing belly shirts though... Would be my new task manager, but need a mobile version first. girl busy finishing this semester u and looking for a big girl job. And getting things figures with the gf If only you could love enough Why, if you're trying to pacify the population do you randomly kill a community's kids? Am I too old to understand The Hunger Games? And I'm looking forward to seeing what the three of us can do working in the same room. ... Again. Thank God I found Mariah! Great to catch up buddy! Those jays are such fun! We have them in the mountains outside of Albuquerque. :-) #ifihadagun I'd shoot her because she took him -_- boo can I borrow your headphones I left mine at home /: Part booty big titty women > Nice meeting you. i have a lot of things to do today and decided to do nothing. lazy day. Two shows coming up this week! Check them out! We have presales for both! Congrats to all the presenters! Welcome to the Facebook page of After School Products. We offer products for after school programs that kids love. So tired of all this spam on twitter!(( who cares, start saying it really loud!! Hahaha safe travels. i have Strep ... So , My party's postponed to sometime next weekend (maybe) . ): So Trying To Set up a Summer 2012 Tour, any advice on best venues to hit up in the Midwest??? Places that really like to Rock! Free #Sazs barbecue sauce when u buy a cube of #MillerLite #WINNING! read something yesterday that said palins endorsement has scared some of newt's supporters away. How dare you, sir. 300 level is a clean underwear only section. Stick in PR. girl. Its no fun here in Ohio either. Lol. Early morning grind!!!!! 0-5...you stink! Buck, please bring back Josh Bell. HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!! Thats how you respect such a great guy and Steve McQueen! Two antennae got married. The wedding was okay..but the reception was amazing. Awww Ari.. :( I wish I could give you a huge hug right now! Hugs make everything better. :) omg the fajitas look amazing, so much better than the super bland chicken I just had...ugh lol “: how much Asgard face do you catch? #Thor” If the people in the movies listened to me they would still be alive Podcasting is a fairly new form out generating traffic but not one to be overlooked. FaceTime me bitch! #iAdmireJustinBecause he doesn't care what people say. He lives his dream everyday and haters get jealous Checking Broadway World and about to go to sleep :P #oomf done changed so much since high school • Well I dunno if it's new or not. I just updated last night and it's totally different So now you know..... What's next? Sorry 4 delay. 12 oz bottles, 24/case. $54 with tax. revolutioncider.com for ordering info says he calls himself a 'Small Town Dirt Salesman' HA!! Are you supporting celebrity board member Warrick Dunn's next event? Check out Please get involved to show support for single moms! please come visit! We've got some great additions to our lunch menu too! HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! What are you guys going as this year!?!?!? Meeting up with the Writer's to Discuss Sum Business. This Time we Making a Movie. Guidance Web Series was just the Beginning imy2 I been here just lookin for a job & started my classes monday tryin get my life in order I txt you the other day!! I agree! remember the titans <3 how does the baseball team only have 3 tv games?! I over here in Austin and I don't get to see them? Bro you're too ugly to get all the hot bitches during road games. I cringe everytime i see Gooden playing Center.. ouch...tonight especially vs superman Average food stamp benefit is $133/mo and maximum is $200. Yet congressional Republicans want to cut the program by 20% Starting my real estate career in Newton/Watertown/Brookline area in just a few weeks!! Lmao. What song is that off who's this Kennedy girl everybody is talking about..? Happy New Month Oakland! Really? RT How? it's very simple, gay people go in schools and teach heterosexuals' kids that homosexuality is popular here's a tweet for the sake of a tweet. And the only time Didion would get a laugh thx for the help, that's a great timesaver! how about getting real-time known cable tv outage info on the web site. My mom just asked me if Indiana gets cellphone signal. Prom Friday bouta be turnt up Watching saved by the bell . He Say We Have Tu Talk Bout Us eh, maybe we should. maybe not. oh yes! Be careful making statements like that. You will end up organizing far more conferences than you want to! 2 hr Private Coaching w the amazing Anthony Gilardi - putting myself on tape for Army Wives :) Pottery glazing workshop today! One of the top guru's at the art center is teaching. Can't wait to learn new skills. Enjoyed "Born on the Bayou (Live)" by Creedence Clearwater Revisited on Pandora Boston put in work today! the birds singing/whistling) haha that's funny right oh well come back soon okay? I miss you :) !*) Thanks Anne! The news is so depressing...smh I wanna see what his reaction is lmao call me part of the 11.1%. Happy to agree and agree to disagree any time. Taking pictures with >>> DS: calling it now... If he's available, Ozzie Newsome will select Dontá Hightower in the NFL Draft. please follow mee!! Bravo to you for playing our favorite vocalist and song of all time - Whitney will be missed-THANK YOU! note to self: horizontal feels a lot like equilibriated. is it naptime? Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done. gDocs can handle .docx better than LibreOffice and that makes me sad. #OFFLINE for now A SECO 2010 speaker, Dr. Victor Perez, was featured in an article published by USA Today. Search USAToday for "Victor Perez" Al Green Day You're welcome! We love Lee and Low and ! Such a busy month, but we're really looking forward to the Launch Party next Thursday at if i get one more mention from that website that tell you who unfollowed you i'm going to come undone. yes i unfollowed you & NO I DONT CARE no good. LMFAOOO called me a "Twin-Tower". XD I'm not THAT tall. I've heard the 911 recordings. He begged for his life. Begged. Then a shot. Then an eerie silence. That's a style I probably would have attempted 8 years ago...that's a hard one to rock. oh, wait. hah! i had their names wrong and was like "huh?" but GABE will be tough to interview. i bet i can get him talkin. Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. We are hiring for summer drivers. If you have the ambition and heart to drive, email us at as a fan and alum, thank you for ridding wku of Matt kilcullen jr. #hire SeanWoods Congress is ruining my productivity at work #TellCongress End Piracy I was on that committee this year. It's a great committee! I would tell her off if I was you. Thanks to everybody who came out this weekend for New Year's Eve! We had a great time and hope you did too. Havent been on Twitter in a while my knee feels all types of fucked up African leaders, some with questionable human rights records--yet to recognize NTC in #Libya. Why they are dancing around issue is stunning Just saw a Penn State winter coat on the street covered with trash and crap and looking very sad. I'm so old, I remember when Weezer was awesome. semi, semi I just wanted confirmation that's not true! Feeling good feeling great ^_^ Hey all my fake teammates, when do report again? I sure wouldn't want my brain surgeon tweeting on the job! #OperationCupOfTea is the U.S protesting against the British again ? Cause without them we wouldn't have Harry Potter Won't be in today (Monday) because Monday seriously ruins my weekend! lol! Im still here. hows everything?? And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady. you got that slap ya momma cooking power outage during lunch caused my co-worker to have to use the stairs to come back to work. Really sucked as we are on the 10th floor :-/ Destie and I kicked some major #yoga butt tonight! Go us!! Where's my iPod at? :( not again.. Thanks for following us! Resonance arrives June 19 from Wadjet Eye Games Tune in to ShopTalk with & : shoptalkshow.com/live/ Downloading the #icecreamsandwich android update for my htc #sensation. Preparing to be disappointed You two were Glee will be doing Beyonce's Girls Rule The World tonight. I haven't been to sleep yet! x Like the rest of us, Romney made $42.6 million while he was unemployed. is this a real goodnight? Busy, busy, busy and ready for the weekend! What are you doing this weekend? Great job anchoring today!! we miss you here in LV buddy! That was gift I have her :) You know that uneasy feeling when you have a lizard lost in your house? I have it. Right now. we're pretty excited to show them off! Hope they turn out! When your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher. Well done team. I am unthankful for this #Nickelback performance at the #Packers half time show. No Soy Solo una Fan, Soy una Party Rocker de Corazón <U+2665><U+266C> I got a $20 bill that says no one's ever seen you without make up... It was a promise to herself that she knew she couldnt keep. i got butterflies in my stomach , when you kissed me ! <3 Mm waiting for the brownies I just put in the oven!! :) Toliver, no female pronoun in original, I added it because I can & so should you; American duty to rework language & remove binaries IDK TEL ME! JUST CONFIRMED: Ranger Danger opening up for THE DOLLYROTS (Los Angeles) on March 4th at The Summit! More details coming very soon! It was not just ehhhh! It was great. <U+E404> You're crazy. I held my reply til I heard story end. By the time W got to the oatmeal it was, well, stone cold. W was touched, but still... SO cute! Damn e is tall! Same as U u know uur icon looks cute! 8] hes.not okay. No repeat Snowmageddon 2012 experience for me thanks! Not today at least. your pension reform is illegal! !!!! It still amazes me how the Dolan's don't invest in their team. Gilbert clearly showed how it could pay off Wow - 4 for 4! Northwestern MN ELCA Synod votes overwhelmingly to oppose amendment! Ye its da Latino mix :D “ remix? Or... “: My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!”” what kind of text? "Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means." (Einstein) Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year. Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter. i love the school quotes. like...he isnt even in a public school lmao You used to hold me ;-) sounds good! One of the greatest things in the world is when Domonique massages pink lotion in my hair. She has magic hands. Samual Rutherford~ Live on Christs love while ye are here and all the way. Ha, ha this real estate agent's Malapropisms make me laugh: "living room/dining area is hardwood floor." "Close to shopping mole" I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. I could not, at any age, be content to take my placeby the fireside and simply look on podium, best young rider and best team... great job in the desert hope things finish well at algarve, too. My friends were keeping two chickens in back of their house and a fox ate them. I thought of you... hey i live in nebraska Every time I wanna smile I just re-read old text msgs :) My thrifting workshop/field trip attracted some of the nicest ladies! Too bad the merch @ the second-hand store seemed a tad picked over. RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money. Night y'all! Until the next episode ;) “: in here dancing to freakum dress so i can stay up smh lol” <---- lmfao get it Jessica! so um how about them Pacers ^.^ hope Manning or Flynn end up out here in Seattle, getting tired of making fun of the Seahawks out here You're a little late I'm already torn<3 Thinking got a few life decisions to make...... #DIFF 2012 Day 6 - South Korea is on the spotlight! every time i see johnny depp in the trending topics, i think he's dead. he's been dead five times. i'm always glad he's not. w/GET Never trust a man with a clean pair of shoes He is moderately excited about this, like the sun is moderately hot. Yep, to approximately that extent. Niggas only lift you up to drop you. RT : Damn it Twitter, i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!!! «« IF I WAS BARON DAVIS I WOULD OF BEEN SCREAMIN LIKE A LIL FUCKIN BITCH RIGHT NOW…DAMN SMH So disappointed in the people of NC. Just because you believe your way of life is the only way to live doesn't mean you're right. ...you sticking around to see the Insight Bowl? Boomer! come over ... You drive or me? Thank you for the RT! Peanutbutter & jelly are too highly priced Today was so depressing and upsetting. I wanted to cry so badly. for as frustrating as Peprah was in loss to NYG, must remember that he was a starter & solid player in #Packers XLV run. RT All things are possible to he who has faith in himself, he who believes in his own abilities shall achieve. amen couldn't miss him less! You are the best! ": That moment when you realize you said something REALLY stupid and you cant take it back..." I can't help but read that exchange as the difference between listening and talking. That would be a DIY coding project. But, hey, I'd be in for sure. Great debate performance by She's closing strong as the best candidate to beat Walker in June. Yes he was & is a beast! ITS CALLED COVERUP! So Now We Looking At a Skinny Zimmerman…WTF! They know what they are doing! Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on #FF - web graphic designer & amateur poet. - filmmaker & foodie - filmmaking gear I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long...cant stand up! In politics to fulfil obligation - Malaysia Star "One size does not fit all for library services." People want to get info when convenient. Depends on need & context. you know me do well (: Ride the Bus tonight! Every hr (starts) bus is on Water St. for 15 mins&every half hr, bus is &Wells! Ask Brothers Bar for more info! PDX radio station 99.5 The Wolf wins CMA Radio Station of the Year! agrees that are big time winners oh p.s - we have a ton of merch haha if you'd like some for free just let us know and you can clean us out. thanks again. gav patrick u look good If you have a late practice or a game eat an early dinner but don’t forget to refuel after with a light meal or small snack. Thank you to all the Corazon customers who love attagirl! A new shipment will be on it's way soon! ah that's happy hour..... But you'll be happier too! Can I please send you my amazing spec of P&R? It has blown away industry writers! Please contact me. Thanks! right on man bar is called Innjoy it's in my neck of the woods Add to that surround sound, if you have that kind of system, and Blu-ray is still a very attractive option. Kellin Quinn's daughter will be hot. GLAM (Galleries, Libraries, Archives, Museums) gets award for best #aam2012 acronym. Brings to mind sequins & gold lamé. you have pretty pretty eyes Cody! oh! lol i didnt see ur 1st post got it tho! and that was some funny shit crazy ass british kid lol Do all discussions pertaining to spatiality ultimately derive their bases from geometry? Special thanks to and everyone else that came out to show support. #green tea to gangrene: #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your health questions! I would have kept on playing until they tell me to turn off the comp. I want to float in a Lazy River. Are YOU an Adobe CQ5 Architect? I am hiring!!! I've done it before, although... i may have been a little drunk when I did. :) watching the playoffs at work.. Just got back from the Ted, and it's a beautiful, breezy day. I wish the Barves had a home game I could skip work for. LMAO at the "Athletic Tourism Committee" Sorry no tweets this week on vacation Wow, that's not annoying ... also it's Friday Trying to think of some cool raucous cover songs for upcoming pub gigs...Maybe a Clash tune!? k who this btw R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you except Rachaels Challenge! Texas Longhorns ‘Longhorn Pierced Basketball ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry ROLL CALL! Who's coming to tonight's & Magic game?? Rt Hon Alex Salmond (First Minister of Scotland) has asked me to send a copy of my book on Welsh nationalist poet R. S. Thomas. Very cool. #youcanttrust CHARLIE SHEEN!!!! We're having an Atlanta Pride DJ Party on October 9th from 2:00p until 6:00p! The bocce court will be available as well. Join us tonight at Busby's West in Santa Monica! #drinks #$1 drinks Girl please! Need Textbooks? The easiest way to find your course book information is to sign onto PatriotWeb. I giggle every time I order a Tall Blonde Your a good dude. Everybody follow - One of our favorite bands to play with. (In the history of all bands. Ever.) that man is crazy with that snake That little ache in your heart as you're leaving for work is #love at work. Life is shared with Struggle. Its up to you if its shared with failure or triumph MT : Help a reporter out! Anybody know of research on what % of college students change their major at least once? Grand Opening of REVOLUTION Saturdays Oct 1st Sounds by | Dinner Party at 9:30 to start off the night! Reservations "Police stopping cars, searching backpacks; public urged to carry on as normal." B/c normal of course is lots of traffic stops & searches. Just bought Janet Jackson book "True You" can't wait to read it. My girl Janet rocks always. I'm going to need Adam Sandler and SJP to consult with me before they make the same (stupid) films one more time. Big thanks to Mark Fabiani, Carrie McGonigle, Bill Lansdowne + Dennis Morgigno for leading last night's forum. Miss it? See #LasTimeIChecked I only have one mom and one dad, quit treating me like I'm your kid I hate these braces ... I just wanna pull my teeth out >:/ Hope everyone is having a great day! Forget about the price tag Considering most people didn't think it would get past episode 13, I kind of see the whole series as a quirky, ridiculous gift. whats your favorite color? I'll be in LA mid June. Any interest in having me on to talk vinyl toys? Oh I'm happy.. good guess!! Rusty Varenkamp is producing!!! :) RT : RT : Q1: How do you think Twitter Chats can be improved? Our Shawn Kemp's Kids team photo will probably be framed, or at least end up on my refrigerator and stay in my heart wow bold lol but true u from nyc? In the hopes of a brighter tomorrow. A doctor told Tim Tebow's mother to abort him. His parents said no & that God would make a way. Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite! much better now. thx. Goodnight Jacob . Love you ! <U+0001F499> I want to have fun. Throw me a guy that wont judge me for the fun i take and endure the adventures. Congratulations on your remission. Sounds like a real fight for you. Thanks for sharing your good news! My gosh. Even my mom is giving me crap for not going to work in costume today. "Hello Milwaukee." Epke Udoh making an incredible first impression. Genuine. Just checked out 's video on ws. That <U+0001F4A9> was dope! how about some playoff #Brewer Baseball tailgate recipes after you guys left I went back home to get Owen only to be puked on by some random in the elevator! Very exciting night! phew! made it. Some things a/bHouston: it's humid, the airport is poorly laid out, the "inter-terminal car" is like a ride at Disney world. Had fun at starbucks with and you guys are awesome!!!!!!! Yeah, That's Right! I am a "Momma's Boy"...But, I am my lady's Man. That's one thing the both of them understand! Happy Mother's Day! But to my mind, though I am native here And to the manner born, it is a custom More honoured in the breach than the observance. Why the hell we lose again Miami Heat man Dwayne wade need to step his dam game up DON'T ! - love brother Good morning texts<U+2764> “Living with Wearable Tech, 5 minute Ignite-style talk.” John Wayne Hill, tenks Betty. And thank you for not embarrassing me. I heart him more RT : I'm smuggling a knife in my checked bag for made me do it. I just got the best nasty-gram ever about this conference paper. I guess I better finish it. Honey, nobody's perfect, it's okay. is rocking Irvine Improv with Dat Phan on Wed March 25th. Then Happy Hour on Thurs, let me know if you want to roll. I wanna se that movie!who gonna go with me? RT : First event of the week, #socialsports - who's going? Best thing that happened today - Lil's first time to fly a kite. I've got to say.... agents know how to have a great time!!! What an AWESOME conference weekend!! Biggest loser- Yankees or Rangers. I know this involves Lee, but still think it is an interesting question. stop pretending that you actually give a shit. I shall no longer reread old tweets. is anyone archiving this hashtag yet? I need Some Food Right Now.. it showed up Glad to have back on the tweeter! My little dog does it more often, so maybe? I just thought they were being picky about which color kibble they ate Bout to get Blowed!! Waiting to hear which team won the #MBA Opening Residency consulting case competition this year. If there was a law requiring you be paid what you're worth, Congress would be a volunteer job. ya boa -__- ya boa Heading to Memphis today for video shoot. Gonna torture my 70's AM Gold loving co-pilot with loads of bluegrass. Is it normal to wonder just how several fictional characters (read: Elizabeth Bennet) might go about teaching an 8th grade class? omg I can't wait to the new episode of kickin it ..!! Is going to be soo cool ..!!!<U+0001F604><U+0001F604><U+0001F604> A Rhianna song, then 5 seconds of her + Chris Martin, then a Coldplay song does NOT equal a groundbreaking collaborative Grammy performance. American government, please stop meddling in other peoples affairs and start taking care of our people! What, no way. Link! I really hope he moves on... He doesn't need her!!! I missed what Pres. Grant's wife whispered 2 him after telling story about the miscarriage! She made that up 2 get votes, rt? obvv who in there right mind would want too loll happy belated birthday!! MandelaArt to feature Limited Edition Nelson Mandela signed artwork prints on Hautelook over Memorial Day weekend - see www.MandelaArt.com YESS!!! :) that would be amazing <3 are you from Minnesota? Watching the Lakers win! ha! doubtful! what'd you do to yourself? Happy February! Celebrate the start of a new month. Treat yourself to one of Shorty's lunch specials starting at only $4.79! 1 1/2 work days left for the rest of the year, but still a busy day ahead That's Awesome! Day 1= Success. I can't wait for tomorrow and Sunday <U+0001F49A><U+0001F499><U+0001F49C> You're correct. Unfortunately, some orgs, like Idaho Freedom Foundation, were clear that they would use party reg against people. When will your idea of a combined Gratiot / Woodward Dream Cruise happen? This could be a great draw for the region...Overdo!!! I suppose you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords picture, if you've read it. Vote on the actors Thanks for the follow! Looks like I'll be seeing you bright and early tomorrow at #SMBMSP. Looking forward to it! every day is cinco de mayo for you! “: Mirror: aw, you look cute today. - Camera: LOL, no.” #ThingsThatGetMeUpset Trash talkerz (say it 2 ma face or don't say it at all !!!) Works for me 1 reason many people don't feel an intimacy with God is they don't have a daily rhythm with God; they a have a weekly rhythm. MB Interesting insight. I think this is just an isolated thing, though. I wasn't very queer-identified in hs. Love a #nudist discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts Confession: the Ramen in the office microwave smells amazing. I think I need to find this marathon.... 'she' and 'pigions' are the only songs i like from tyler the creator you're freakin awesome girl... Hope u had a good time tonight.. Mf superstars rocked it... RT : Thanks for the follow Christine Happy New Year! ~Hope your New Year has gotten off to a great start Janet! i have 159 tweets wow The important thing is not what others think of me, but what I think of me. i dont want just annyone to hold :O who u talkin bout jess I honestly dnt want to go to work! I just wanna sleep! hi all of zendaya's fans 18 days left until the Farmers Market opens! What are you looking forward to the most? Meetings with potential new talent today, working on auditions, working on closing out the Friday on a good note, Happy Friday Everyone! why do u call me that? lol Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green Does your wig company give you a gaurantee?.....FOR TWO YEARS?!!! Well, we do! www.drwiggys.com, we supply and manufacture! Going home:) sleepy time:)! Don’t forget Ghee Brand. /cc Same here. :) #LiveUnited. Event this coming Saturday, December 3rd. Follow up information soon! extra slow motion... im gone Could eveyone look in their Starbucks for the metal cup with metal straw for me please. how r u lil one? Well it's Thursday, it's kind of #mayday and #cincodemayo. Who's thirsty? The game of love is never called off on account of darkness. looking forward to it, need a break So my niece said I'm gonna play a throwback and she plays Keri hilson pretty girl rock Back on the job hunt tomorrow, had a couple of good leads today, fingers crossed il have a new job soon. Need one, got bills n rent to pay! Good Morning! I'm starving! Thanks, me too! They're really comfortable! Isn't it supposed to be the 1st day of Fall/Autumn??? This team about to be complete let's get it in. LEGGO! good afternoon everyone! "On October 3rd he asked me what day it was...It's October 3rd :)" I think I'm gonna buy a snapback?!<U+0001F44C><U+263A> No pictures. Haha yet look it up girl! I read it from the chic. tribune Now I'm watching #LostTapes episode of the #BearLakeMosnter. Good shiznit! That's where I'm about to work! (TSLAC State & Local Recs Mgmt Div.) Also, I'm so glad to hear that about the ol' Aquarena! Come on Sox. You've got a chance to smack these guys early. Come on. 3rd bow and arrow set of the season. This one's for hunting squirrels. one dude even said something to the effect that I was going to hell for not wanting to bear children o_O Pretty sure I may be one of the few people in this country allowed to deduct a gay magazine as a business expense. yes! We Are Ready For Boyfriend Video. :) I'm going with my booski so I'll meet ya over there but give y'all the money How's lacrosse camp going? Don't feel bad that your darkness is gone... I'll carry it for you. "Cool, did you design any buildings I might have seen?" Get Austin Mahone Verified . Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 55 Agree mostly but MANY, MANY lines of work have short lifespan (physical labor, beauty-based, etc), and others become obsolete. thanks drew! Waiting for to take the stage. & iDont Have My Crutches :/ Waiting for Alt-Ac workshop. Exciting! CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week. Very impressive turnout and showing. lmao! M Chinese would be bomb right now Really.? :O Hi Adam - thanks for following StoryFirst! Like your work - I'd enjoy a chance to meet. Coffee soon? Being ignored <<< Angry haters. "Above all, never let anyone else make you feel like their worth is greater than yours. You are the only one who can measure your worth." i think it was in the most recent brantley banner!! i will find it for you gurl. Still havnt gone to sleep! I don't know how my baby does it to stay awake Great presentation of program elements/key considerations to start a tablet initiative Set up EEEPC for trip then it crashed. Took much later train, reset factory defaults, fiddled til battery ran out, now almost back in be ... How much gum is too much? If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!! (c) wht time it was going to be and then they are going to to an interview with fly 92.3..they said sometime in(c) Happy birthday HEY your future husbands are right here. autonomy was the project that got Adam and Eve kicked out of the garden...not a gift God gave them. Beware of false prophets which come to you with rocketmail accounts. happy Jonas day <3 Patriots won the super bowl when Charlie Weis left to ND and Romeo Crennel left to Cleveland. Shouldnt make a difference if your the best. Ric puts the black people in the back of deshas when he seats them. Now it's just iPads. Thx for edits! Killer oysters tonight at Jax, among other things... ;-) thx for the rt (sorry, forgot about leaving rm). Cheers. Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all.. Weed: smiling and hungry; alcohol: dizzy, throwing up, hungover; which one sounds better lol yeah but there is nothing to not like about you!:) please follow me Alex?<3 Miami baby Chase money triple g mbk da movement u r gonna rock in buffalo! cant wait to see ya out there when this lockout business is done. play hard son! Was it the Swedish version or the US version? We watched the US version and I think the other one is probably 2.34times better Wanting someone to party with but classy enough to take home Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :) I'm not home to watch #PLL :( damn. I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!! Can't wait till 9 haha Just woke up! Oopss lol Feeling great though! Squirrel! (Just checking to see how many dogs use Twitter) I just love chocolate chip cookies!:) wake up! Sup son the fucks been up? Also fuck a twitter. Bring everyone to G+ nao If you continuously assume the worst you're gonna get what you're askin for 1. Eat The Pussy 2. Beat The Pussy Up 3. Apologize To The Pussy By Eating It Again ! ;) Someone come to OTB with me only two episodes in, so you can catch the reruns! It's completely out of control! i went to my cousins house across the street and had a water balloon fight!!! that was FUNN!!! gunna do it 2morrow bcus i dont have skool!! Looking forward to it Tech age of Evansville is here. Bring me your snazz elite clothing. Come visit Ill show you how to use the auto drop off Kiosk!! Include at least one photo or image in your promotional emails for increased readability. Yeah, I Kept calm and started laughing and Salad was talkin to me. But when I fell it was nbd. Lol World Of Dance was nuts this weekend! Hello to old and new friends. Thanks for stoppin thru and hangin out <3 RT : It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.~ John Paul Jones Let it be. Ha, Thanks, They took so many pictures, just happened to use the one i was in. I keep telling them I'm the eye candy. TOTALLY. To every word you said. I called it... Dallas in 6 Haha our house is so massively big, mom has to call my cell phone to call me. If she yells, I won't hear. :P You got it buddy, just turn in your brackets. The pay out is hickeys from a dirty whore & airbrushed precious moments t-shirts. Mike Aiken Lands Underwriting Deal with Takamine Guitars. take lots of photos. The easiest diet ever is - Try it….you’ve already tried everything else right LOL WEL IF SHE SAID THAT THEN YOU NEED TO TAKE THEM OFF OR LIL WILL GONE HVAE TO COME UP THERE N GET YOU After Black Keys & drinks for our "team building" event, Maryam said "I think our team has been built". Paul Konerko is a professional hitter. no one :P Just rode home in a cop car. LONG STORY now that shit thanks for the #C5 s/o! You're spot on bout logo n cups. How you been man? Yup. Agree Yes, did you? RT : Did you sell it for the music?! cc: Dex: I'd like to give a big shout out to all the spiders not building their webs at face level. Me: I second that shout out! ur such a beautiful creature Sending kids to college is like playing $150K on black 13 in Roulette, there's 2.63% chance you win, but 35 to 1 your an idiot out of cash Tom Oatley has left the field and is being attended to by trainers. What do you call a small parent?A minimum ! spring is here :) sorry to hear that - please email us at with details so we can help Lol RT : 47 days until Christmas? But I'm already 318 days into debt. you are inspiring to me. Your positive outlook on life and can do attitude has influenced me so much. Thank you mustard in her popcorn??? That breath be beaten 24/7 HBO! Anyone watched new cartoon? IT IS HORRIBLE!! It's a broke man's The Boondocks mixed w/ a crappy "The More You Know" commercial. What up I'm not short!! Did you tell her to shut her trap? :o Shout out to doing a great job of reporting on the Tornado and keeping people safe. Doing a great job. Only 3 more suites available at Ocean House this weekend. Come on down. Still offering special rate until December 2. #NP kings and queens by 30 seconds to mars <3 that's nice! People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period. #Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Seahawks #Steelers) Hope meet gets cancelld #praying because my growing is kill I'll give you one line: "The meek shall inherit the girth!" ... yes, I liked it. #oomf changed her pic and is so gorgeous! Who knew! Had a great time at Poetry in Motion yatch party! Purchased HD video switcher. Now we can videotape events and seminars with multiple cameras to (1) tape in High Def (saves editing costs). omg #dontjudge I take it back basketball on the new hoop all day > Let me add my congrats on your excellent review, Bethany! Google Offers in LA lists a "kid-friendly BYOB cupcake class". (BYOB means 'Bring Your Own Beer') Um.... WTF?!? Cool my mom just called me a bitch. Love you too. #bieberisonmyxmaslist for my daughter but he a pretty hot idem this year so I might have a hard time finding him but hey #neversaynever ;) Thanks Terence Thank you very much! Thank you very much for thinking of me! Have a cold one for me! DD I don't feel like studying. I'm just gonna chill and listen to music. #happy #2012 There will two #epic shows on tv today: #crossfitgames on #espn2 and #sherlock on BBC1. Great way to start 2012. #tuneIN! Lakers need to put kobe on gallinari Doing very well! How are you doing? RT : Did you know Watermelon is actually a vegetable? It is related to cucumbers, pumpkins & squash. #DidYaKnow. Really? That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........ Every beautiful girl has that dumb ass guy, that did her wrong. and made her strong. Only two days until Chick-Fil-A Leadercast. Volunteering for the day as a VIP Lounge Host. I am excited to be able to help.. Ha! Not luck, just doing it. Still, not as much as I would like, but working on it ;-) JUST signed-off, will shout you out tomorrow, cool? Howard starts to get teased when he becomes the only one from the University without a Phd, tune into The Big Bang Theory at 6:30! How often do you catch yourself listening to Willow Smith's "Fireball" and question where your taste in music went wrong? gettin yu at 5 make sure u bring pj's n stuff we leaving 9am tomorrow I REALLY hate the 30 min req'd courses on when a 3 min screencast & simple job aid would be WAY better & more efficient Lovely day for trip to Birmingham for book buying and helping son to build pre A-level photo portfolio. Who wants to bring us some donuts? Anyone? Anyone? ...Bueller? Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!! Most respondents on latest poll say they have not experienced any significant security or privacy issues related to social media Mane my stomach trying 2 hurt ": Aye pablo ima hitchur phone u got the same number?"nah I change it erry month lol check ya dm You mean "tweeting" with the stars! EVERY pres at #IB7 was tops. Logistics #fail though. Need better communication about no food and that drinks weren't allowed in auditorium. : Woo!:D yea it is no big sell out show but its going to be a fun one with our friends..."our roots" haaha! Cant wait girl! structure fire. Birch hill and lyndale. Lots of public safety officers in the area. I hope everyone is ok. Love my hair so much<333 Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will... I guess it happends its like waving at someone on da street n they don't see you Lol For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy if you not 18 or older real talk have you heard 'when a woman loves' makes me shed tears of gold. I cannot believe it's taken me this long to see Drop Squad, LOL New iPhone 4s for xmas and it's pretty rocking. I hope everyone had a great holiday and has a great new year. cry cry and cry: ( My apps are under BeatonPath as the publisher. My most popular app is Zombie Apocalypse. Thanks for watching!! :D #4famouswords Roll with the punches I am doing the absolute best I can to be the person God created and intended for me to be...Jesus rocks to the FULLEST!!! YA Heard??? ": CRYING RT : Dyke love is so cute and dysfunctional. Bitches don't know who should open the door for who."" RT No off-days for and just to clarify.. I was never hating on chipper. Probably the only ATL athlete I respect at all. ... it's always great to bring new energy to a favorite chair. That rich blue will look beautiful. whatever you don't know what goes behind closed doors! I don't go to deep into these people lives Thank you, we appreciate it. welcome home Final round as a senior @ 9... Feels strange!! Don't know what I'm gonna shoot but I guarantee it'll be interesting! Let's go get it boys!! Sister time >>> Love it! RT : Enjoying today's Google logo? UK artist has just uploaded up a quick tune using it I feel bad for Rivera. I'm cheering against his team, but I feel that. #Royals #yankees #yankees v funny as hell Good goin'. Congrats.“: I will give out the info for the Monday April 9th king of all blacks show this weekend!” Jealous. And yes, I met Jessica Alba. (And saw Oprah, Michael J. Fox, Uma Thurman, Kristen Stewart, etc.) kill it with gin Yay for waking up early tomorrow... This world is extremely small...........TOO SMALL Lascorz injury unclear until swelling reduces If you don’t eat enough fruits, vegetables & whole grains it’s likely that your body is deficient in one or more major vitamins or minerals! How funny is this? his mum wasn't happy abt his twitter handle :) received DMCA takedown There is always #goodthings and #badthings about being yankees bringing it back to the bronx Have you been to new Amway Center in Orlando? Best NBA arena, hands down! don't dream through life, wake up! & - sweet meeting you ;) How bout I get you a pass to the con n hang out with you @ the bar so you "appear" 2 b cool She can get it I got asked to book Alex Goot. Two very nice, gas dryers for sale at the Washington Co. ReStore. nice ur cousin must be a good drawler!!! Was it Stand Your Ground or stalking that got Trayvon Martin killed? I have no idea who that guy was. Lol Tough week for Michigan, but we'll get through it all! Go Blue! im pretty stoked for tonight. scarves up with a ton of green! :) have the 1st pick to bring the best RB, Trent Richardson..establish the run and the pass will come...QB's are deep this year Finally tried Pepsi Next. I think it could satisfy my cravings! Follow Sarah for live updates! RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches! I'll tweet some pics later! There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s! Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there... As part of “New Voices of Vietnam,” the Academy salutes legendary director Dang Nhat Minh on Nov. 10 at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater. May 23rd god willing A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving Long Island Championship tm at 3 30 at Hofstra come support #HF on the road back to Glens Falls awesome ! Thanks alot ryan. See you around this weekend. Happy roo! I don't like this bitch at all. No I'm ok there movin 3 Days left til #Christmas! What's on your wishlist? How to have a baby on a budget! Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular. Just saw "Green Zone," an excellent view of what really happened in Iraq. Why aren't any of those jokers being prosecuted? congrats to you! That #1 guy for the #Knicks just took it to the hole like a BOSS!!! yep. thank yoou (: Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan. What is the name of Daniel Bedingfield's hit-making sister? A) Kylie B) Anastacia C) Chantal D) Natasha Um.. its like Summer honey :) you're talking about me... Duhh... RT : But the discourse is presented in such a way that the white man and woman have only problems but can never be "backward" yea me to #dearpublisher how do you expect anyone other than big's like AMZN, APPL, BN, GOOG to sell your ebooks? Make it easier & your mrkt will grow ahaha I'm joking jeez ! <3 text me poop *Jordyn throws me my iPod in my bed* Me: Wheres my Apple device Jordyn: when did you turn so Caucasian when your 60, eat what you want he said load. haha. we hanging tonight!!! dj Larry on the track spittin the hottest shit since Tabasco <U+0001F525> if you add in the artifacts in the Vatican museum, you could feed the whole world is this really eve White bitches love Taylor Swift, tell a bitch I'm hella swift Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone? No bitch. I will steal your shit & make you go waste your money on a new one ! When is u gone follow mee ? Heading to #LIUNA international convention in a few hours. It's going to be a great one! but I'm here! Gary ellerson voice #Boom!!! K-Rod 2 lock it down 15k SAS or 7.2k near-line SAS? That is the question of the day. Focusing on my focus! Got clear goals to achieve and with the guidance of the Almighty, the only one that can stop me is me. By the way...were the 2 jokes funny? Still need to follow up w/ you. Sorry it's taken this long. Talk soon. Dear Coffee- Please tighten up your game. Red Bull is monopolizing my mornings. (& surprisingly tastes worse then u) lmao please! I can't even go so help me out here...wat are yu so nervous about anyways!?? Let me stop I'm doing too much :/ Buddhists think of themselves as elevated but, alas, there is no buddha, no god, no allah, no boddhisatva, no ahura mazda.. WE RT : exactly one month until we fly to Turks :) #timberlake in the house You're the best, Dina! Thank you! If we keep him happy, he'll dole out generous signing bonuses. Good luck on your startup. many thanks! I don't like Dave lol Q6. Where shall you locate your Royal Palace? Why? RT "A mind is a fire to be kindled, not a vessel to be filled." - Plutarch Today, March 8th, is #OrganizeYourHomeOffice Day. Don't forget about what's IN your office: Organize your desktop and your inbox. i'm sorry i am in detroit right now...so i couldn't make it in! Early Americans to America?? Only heard a few tracks on youtube, but so far #Galaktikon is mega rad space metal! Seems like anything that has a book series and gets put into a movie turns out that way haha Being a middle school scholar or an SC junior scholar. Felicidades! Mario Gutierrez in his first Derby ride on I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby! Jack and Jill went up the hill so he could lick her candy, but Jack got shocked with a mouth full of cock 'Cause Jills real name is Randy. I have a tendency to write my name on everything . Just wrapped up another successful shoot for starring and RT ": 8ball in My corner pocket, its on and popping, got the whole club leaning with me AND BODY ROCKIN Forget 5-hour energy... someone needs to invent 5-hour motivation. the hangover never gets old Go Pack Go! Thanks for the following! I have a soft spot for the #Southern_Belle! RT I seriously fall in love with Canon EOS 1100D :) That's not your aunt I refuse to grow up lol Writing a 3 page major grade essay the period before its due>>>> #swaggy #beliebers keep your head high #beproud cuz we rock oh and justin! I love you so much!! I'm done with school. Now what the heck do I do with my life o_____x A little bird just told me that Drush sql-cli (and a number of other interactive commands) are now allowed on Pantheon. ;) Mt Rainier, Paradise Inn: September 25th can't get here fast enough! Expect the unexpected I love him<3 yummy.(; ask reliable sources on sn sites what keeps them up at night and then plan material accordingly. DMX Gone Make Me Cry... :( it's a children's tv show and it always has great bands singing kids songs or even their own songs. Modern HR Puff n Stuff :) Ahh the beauty of living plants! E voce. #Dreamchasers2 WOW this is nice thanks 4.being a fan Just led a whole section in singing Happy Birthday to Ruth Riley #00 game he turned it off lol This mofo is watching the trophy ceremony on the end of a tennis match. Who cares!!! Switch the tv back to Game 7 Grizzlies/Clippers BITCH! Im js doing me ! & yu will NEVER understand it "/ Sure thing! Have a great day! tonight at the House of Blues - blaaaaa can't sit still I KNOW :O i feel like ill run to the bathroom to pee. and it will be sold out :O and im like broke so lol thanks mom haha Editing some vids for Sunday, Final Cut Studio's temperament makes me want to switch to Adobe! I texted u talk about fall off the face of the earth, someone must not be adjusting to summer school well So RG3 has to beat out Rex Grossman for the starting QB job? I used to be SO into the Kpop/Jpop/Jrock scene. I've fallen a bit out of it as of lately though. x.x;; So I suck on the newer stuff. #NowPlaying Jack White - Blunderbuss i'm sure you would ;) "Changing the way you perceive fitness". MindFirstFitness I sit here n the tub with my rubber duckies all lined up! Look at us we match with our little bubble mustaches uh huh uh huh you could be a retoucher you have the eye for it any new album you coming out with? If so I'd like to assist you in your album cover and design work. keep that in mind ;) 2days workout was great! Did my 10 sets of 15 reps on 4 diff hamstring exercises. It was tiring but I am getting some grt results frm it. TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN. Can't wait to hear 'Kill the King' and 'Break for it' on the new album. I would love one.. Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity.. Even if that is you!.. No problem. Its what I do! EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL. THOSE WHO HAVE A WILL RARELY NEED IT. ANYONE INTERESTED, CALL ME (772) 283-2868 FOR A FREE PACKAGE everybody is upset about the no-show. no excuse is good enough. Sounds like a beautiful morning! :) We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we don’t have to work to earn is grace. Tracking bass bass bass Guess I won't be sleeping then. Might as well get work done. ....your demand to be the princess. <<<< OMG IM SO BORED Lol Metta is so bad at offense. Really? #ClassicCanseco RT : When I died I saw Elvis and micheal they said hello train time! Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow. Damn straight it hurt so bad but I didn't cry thanks ! I have done trainings and speeches on #custserv and there's always more great info out there! Thx oh no...they are talking about gay marriage again...no!!! I better go refill this propane tank for my turkey fry. I'm concerned stores will be closed on #Easter if I run out! EarthFair Manager's meeting unfolding NOW ya that's not hard to imagine from the news coverage @ the time Fiber fills you up because it expands in your stomach. Starch makes you crave more carbohydrates due to excess insulin production and dopami Roux House tonight Baton Rouge! where is ur event in Chicago? Would love to see u and speak. I go to UIC, ill spread the word! RT : Pep Rally was awesome!! Lights on stage were Hot as HECK!!LOL working out of the office today. sweet pad… Oh you didn't wet the bed last night? Lame, try partying. I don't really miss one particular person. I miss the memories I had of him, and the way he made me feel. wait til my bottoms come in next week !!!! Can you follow me please??(: Schiano to Buccaneers according to Ny Post's Lenn Robbins Wow!!!! Just when Rutgers was putting another solid recruiting class together nuts <U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] We're not saying that bribes can get your registration time moved up. Just that our office has a convenient drop box. RT : RT : QFT RT : REALITY CHECK: This vote stopped being about the debt ceiling a long time ago. Congrats to on a great series- good luck w/the blues- 12 more WINS... and its Lord Stanley and :) I make my own luck. *coin flip* Oh me either! There's just so many new CDs to get!! Haha. was just asked if sand dollars are made of sand. wait was that referring to green day as bad oh we got ourselves a mow off. Footloose style? send it my way! Cuz you dont have swag RT : why couldn't you do that for me? Good luck to my very favorite team today. #gopatsgo!!!!!!!! Dude sitting at bar for dinner asks bartender "what is risotto?" Bartender looks at menu and says "Uh, not sure. It's really fancy tho." <U+E40D> yea send me the link Fun and jealous!! You MUST eat at LBS Burger - burgers and shakes! Is 3 a plausable time to be in town for? then I walk back with you coz I going to nanas x how bad Pity Party, table for one. you have to admit we took a huge risk... I for one just want to see if the risk is worth it planing this outt... Tony,wasnt meant to be,but sure would be nice my Brother to have you in the Mix with this new Oline in Steeler Nation. Is that related to the 6-degrees separation theory? I love Michael Chabon. I too believe he's incapable of writing a boring sentence. lol ok I'm chill lol and which picnic???? My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden. Bootstrap has definitely saved me a ton of time on certain projects. And people seem happy with the neat, clean look. That toddy was ridiculously awesome -- thank you! There is a BIG difference between publishing social media content and social media promotions! Do you know what the difference is? Just saw "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"... What a great movie! So true! Ppl judge harshly bc their expectations are out of whack. I went in thinking it was a popcorn flick, & it delivered. would love to meet for a minute and show you the cellhelmet. The under 8 timeout always starts stall ball. The SEC Tourney was the worst Awesome! RT : just totally totally totally scored at , thank you so much! I love you!!! Choose being kind over being right and you will be right every time. thx for the follow at ruby4women - I'm now following from mamastreasures, too! Looking forward to your discoveries ;o) LOL, I read it as "muscle" at first! My dad asked me to coffee. I couldn't pass it up :) I<U+FFFD>d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down When should I expect this free t-shirt to be arriving? Strive for the best!!~ rt...yall could use a new fresh artist like me!!!! Im tryna go hard!! There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up -Bernard Meltzer "Welcome to my house party! Party!" nice! been lookin at their arc too. need to play with the toys I already have though :) Scientists need to get involved with the dialogue. - Shawn Lawrence Otto maybe in a few years :P.. You never know.. I love Mercedes-Benz I forgot Jerry Orbach was in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER! Good for me as a professional, risky for me as a consumer? RT : By 2020, 80% of all media will be digital Hope this is a great weekend for you ! Lol, this might be a bad time to mention that I don't drink Google is not the only source for online mapping! OpenLayers is an open source alternative that supports other stuff. little violent there.... Mr Colucci spent the entire period picking out walk-up songs for us. Day 3 of detox commence! 12 days till I'm home! okay :) mine is 1710 (: After being down 7-1 at the half v. URI, #BU #MLAX made a great comeback attempt w/ a 5 goal 4th qtr. Great game, tough loss. 10-8 final In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow -- and that is likely to hurt. - Wei Wu Wei It's the bacon!!! Has to be. that I do, but he's not used to kicks below the waste...target would be his legs Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. – Woody Allen. Sometimes, when I say thank you, I often catch myself saying 'thank ya', instead of 'thank you'. I must be getting a accent or something. Final preps for our joint online safety conference with ictQatar tomorrow Going to see and tomorrow!!!! Cant wait to see u guys :) I think it was October. They were able to add more BBLs to their tank farm to better meet demands I want to meet my friends one day hopefully! thank u lol Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com what happened the last time you two talked? really u do or are those austin glasses Rommel! Alexander the Great! Midway! Bladensburg! Waterloo! Our great MHQ Summer issue is now available on Kindle--DOWNLOAD Now! I didn't know Santa was a nominee? Up all night working toward 30 Days To Life klar kein ding .. u're welcome dude ;) So cool! Wanna know how it is! At least on twitter I have to click them to see it... Well let's see. I just had to run and negotiate with some cops. I'm done. Baseball season > football season we gotta do something then sista...... And nope B left not to long ago. I hate Geometry with a deep passion. My dad is definitely an EBay junkie. Won't buy anything in the stores anymore. Woo! Down to the WIRE, Packers! There's also people who if Lebron dipped his toe in the water they'd say he walked in water. At #River Horse West in West Bend. Woot! thanks for the retweet! RT Mousavi Facebook: CRUCIAL Demonstration on Saturday 16:00 Tehran and around the world, please pass on hey Ava. Your my pro pic and my twit pic. Grats to our Lobos for winning the MWC championship and having a 5 seed in the big dance! Cool, still here in electronic Pepsilandia. Does it matter that there are no postcards of Prentice? Should we only preserve popular buildings? Sometimes I wish I can go back in time and punch myself in the face Carrie Underwood's new album >>> So good! where you at now, and why you didnt hit me up when you were here? dang you girl... Is it true that you'll be joining the Justin Bieber Crew again for the Believe Tour in 2012? :) I hope so...we need you, Ry <U+2665> Jersey boys!!! Why are they so hott n I'm not just talkin bout the iconic boyz ifinddd so cute &adorable &sweet &amazing &a sweetheart &whoever is his gf ,better treat him right ! he is so sweet yeah I know I have to use a cast and crutches No words are necessary between two loving hearts. Unknown Btw, glad that someone actually read the whole post instead of just glancing at it :) Ok, it's fixed now. Thanks again! What a day already and its only 10:30am. Smh... Niggas gotta do better... Me and Joe in the same boat. Ray Ray & Prodigy So ready to move to san diego. Going to miss all the homies though Yep You mentioned Flowers! Thanks for spreading the word. Have a good weekend! all i ever do is rearrange furniture. Kbai going to go see ON MY TELLY VISION just getting my set up on my facebook page. pretty cool tool for #realtors with business pages on You are so full of yourself! Now First lady looking fabulous... Can you say fashionista.. # Kids Choice Awards Michelle Obama... Laid Mom's body to rest today. Monday's viewing and today's celebration service was fantabulous! I wish it (Canon C300) was Still waiting... tick... tick... bought first day they first started taking preorders. Are you as tired as I am today? Might actually need coffee. [yawn] Got the SmashTag booth set up here at Cypress Vanguard (Red River & 3rd St). If you're in the area please stop by and say Hello! Appreciate the Shoutout! :) #nascar # californiacostumes #jeffgordon Caraviello: Daytona pothole legacy lives on as Kansas set to repave Pat Warren walked into the m Our heart (heart chakra) is the gateway to our Soul. all I gotta say is is the future of #americansoccer and she is amazingly beautiful to top it off! Like King Koopa's face on his buttcheek? not at my mothers house. <U+0001F614> I want to thank all those who serve our country. I appreciate what you do to ensure our freedom and pray for your safety daily! Thanks for the follow , We look forward to learning more from you. Lol. Had the top down on my car. Pulled my hard dick out of my shorts when a big bus of Japanese tourists passed me. Faces were priceless. Nah... NBA sucks. And We got more then enough college teams around here to follow. Buy one Sales Rack and receive 20 Select hangers for FREE!!! can you explain why you punched the wall? Extremely cool! :D CK: hers is too long. D: The lights will inspire you. I hope you can come back to sytycd next season. . #missingyourchoreographies . .!! :):) Before finals & the holidays sweep up your time - start considering studying abroad through SCT! Dublin & London Summer & London Fall 2010! College is the key I rock Gucci, I rock Prada, At the same damn time. Nice development Todd, how has the Athlete Factory experience influenced your teaching in recent years? RT "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't." <---- TCE @ Backspace with Rags & RIbbons and Frame The City Novemer 4th! All Ages!!! Day definitely not off to the best start. smh #Isles PP looking lost so far. #Bruins have the puck in #isles zone Okay Jesus, I know you can't interfere with the whole "people's free choice" thing, but it's VERY clear who your favorite football team is. Free music indeed! Remember to get your best friend a copy! yes please :-) RT : can I go? *puppy face* lol I can't believe it's gone up to over $600 million now. That's a country's GDP. Can anything 1 tell me how to block escort girls on here? It's annoying when I get a follow from "u don't know me" Ladies find JESUS PLZ!! Her: You’re so lucky you don’t have to wear make up. Me: Yeah, but it’s a lot of work being this ruggedly handsome. Can't play sports,read, go to school, or go on the computer for 1week..soo I guess I'll be back in a week/: love you guys<3 #SomeoneIWantToMeet Jim Nelson! Current editor at we are on the verge of golf becoming Rickie vs Rory. MAKE FREE THROWS 's gift shop is cranking out awesome 70's'-80's TV theme songs God bless you and your family...all of St. Colman and St. Fabian are praying for you. OR COFFEE AND SUGAR FILLED COOKIES It's not that's my second. Oh god I need help lol, I'm in quite the state. If you want to know why I am an atheist, try reading the bible. So proud of he's traveling the world :) That awkward moment when your crush is trying to guess who you like... I have no service in Dallas from last night at about 8 PM. What is going on. Not very happy Need some much awaited sleep.. Goodnight<U+0001F4A4> Just my luck... I'm at a symposium sitting next to the web-streamer! Thanks for asking ;) Good Morning. Happy Derby Day! Morning. Grateful to be celebrating another year of life today on this sunny, frigid cold day in northern Illinois. overheard an elderly woman in the grocery store talking about humpdashian. it transcends generations #NFL Probowl #Elite!! omg ik and he thought I was pretty and shit :( we have to meet him again Let's get social. I am looking to connect with creative minds that are wanting to develop a new norm for businesses. thanks for following! how are you? (: it would totally be superawesome if you also followed/listened to (: xoxo Looks like the boys are still tired from game 3 But that's *not* the original use. The blog itself is a unique record, same as an illustration in a book. Trying to assuage the terribly shitty process that is searching for one-person apartments on Craigslist with coconut milk ice cream. Your the only thing I know like the back if my hand and I can't breath without you but I'll have to The MKE Pride Parade starts in 2 hours (2pm) and we are opening early for the fun! The parade runs down 2nd, right past Sabbatic. I will follow your new team member lovely darling! I'm losing my voice, it's been going in and out all day Watching don't be afraid of the dark with bro. This fucker jut knocked the maids teeth out How many shows, jobs, and specials have been created by viral videos?? Too many to mention. Got a greater purpose then a hater purpose - just saw the set times posted, thanks! ps great to meet you in person. what is FF? Three of The Last of the Mohicans ah yay! <3 what was it about? :D On September 27,1760: Anne Wager opened a school for African American free and slave children in Virginia www.womensindependentpress.com As expected, rocked his presentation! If you can, go see him in International Ballroom West in the last slot. Im on my way but could really use an opportunity with you. Im prepared too. :) :) kathiej - KS1075 Denver I need a fucking drink. So much on my mind right now. the winner and contestants will be contacted via email on tues. #InMyCity Nobody ever sleeps,along w the city itself. I live in Canton. friends [frends] –noun. people who make you feel like you just saw them 7 minutes ago when you actually haven't see them for 7 years! Regret is what you get when you let your emotions taking over your decisions. SHOUTOUT TO FOR THROWIN MY VIDEO ON DA SITE!! GO CHECK IT OUT FOLLOWERS...ND LEAVE COMMENTS ND TWEET SHOW SUM LUV... Thanks for spreading the word bro!! <33 #garageSaleHijinks $1 each. "The Stranger" is a solid album. Only way it could be better is if the Sinatra was "In The Wee Small Hours" I looked at all my tiny closets last night. My conclusion? Absolutely no way!! Pretty good prediction! I hope you brought your goggles! Good night guys :) RT : Thanks to everyone for a killer #d2l11 - so jazzed to get back home and bang out some more great stuff (via ) maybe tommarow im just too mad to laugh at it right now... That's the best thing you could come up with? Keep Fighting Ladies!!!!! “: #23 Gamble makes it 64-70 with 25.9 Seconds left to play, Shaw leading” That should be me Holdin' your hand, that should be me makin' you laugh! that song is way cute;) notice me. We want to wish all of our Fans a Happy Valentine's Day today. What fun activities do you have setup with your loved ones? Shake off the cold with a hot bowl of Pozole! New!! Sopa De Pozole Chicken and hominy in a poblano broth.... Have you ever thought about how your words, or lack there of, have an impact on others? "Middle-Aged White Tennis Mom" sitting w/ ur 4 year old daughter, I don't think ur NWA ringtone quite fits w/ ur current Lifestyle This shit is so hard to follow along with Remember when No Air was massive!? Poor Jordin Sparks. Jump back in the success swimmin pool! Adele, Britney, Gaga, Katy will move over alil Looking forward to my afternoon #RedBull. It will give me wings The emotions to describe the very last finale of #DesperateHousewives, I dont think I can put words to it.. happy, sad, brilliant.. We don't care what people say we no the truth When a man loves a bottom #itssadwhen you have to tote a fat stack of paper coupons to save $$ @ your favorite stores. Palm that power with the FREE Qponomics app. looking forward to following you and have a wonderful week. I really need to go to bed. Look-if you give me any kind of back or neck 'massager' for a gift I WILL end up humping it at some point. I don't write the rules people. Considering billing the next Idea Forum mtg as a Choose Your Own Adventure. Giggling maniacally & twirling pretend mustachios. This man is NOT about to keep beeping this horn outside my window.. >:( I hate Humanities. NUMBER ONE TOP TWEET TRENDING IN THE USA TODAY #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight Whats 's tweet? I'm so proud of you :) Thank you for being the amazing person you are.<33 Headed to interview with the Timbers! Just woke up with RT LAers..."It Felt Like a Kiss" next week is a must. Watched for the 2nd time today, got chills. “It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out;it's the grain of sand in your shoe.”~Robert W. Service Well now you sound like a bitter old waitress! Happy Monday! Has your company reviewed your #security budget for 2011? Do your #safes need to be updated? Contact me at Corporate Safe fo… Wish I was with you guys :( Love you <3 Wonderful.... probably gonna have to move back to Utah this weekend... #FollowFriday Hope you have a lovely weekend! (via ) Did you ever get help with your Twitter following issue? We follow far fewer and experienced the same (temporarily) yesterday. You know Tyga the rapper his new song you should che it out. Back on Twitter thanks to :) OMG, delusions are rampant in every direction of crays. Sigh... So all of a sudden you "hate her" lol does me talking to her have something to do with that?. we can still dress you but you may have a lot of tucking in to do with your shirts! thanks for the follow! My idol in my country & I just came back :( RT : Fun times in the Dominican Republic with the whole family! Hey , you going to the game tonight? If so, let's meet up. The excitement in #Vegas is higher than normal with the #iheart Radio Music Fest this weekend! Are you coming? Chillin on it.. Welcome #SuperSpecialNewFollower Congrats on your tour - we tweet This game has gone on so long that I can recite all the Verizon Center ice dasherboard sponsors... In alphabetical order. Now that's ROI ! Donny was a gift. Wooooohooooo!!! RT I'm coming across the street to find you!!! Aw i guess Today i saw a midget wearing a t-shirt that said "I'M A GIANT" oomf is talkin out their ass. No literally Katy Perry got the best first LOOK. Congrats on making cheer! That's awesome! You're supperr pretty, btw! xx As do I. Hope everyone is having a great day!!!! Watching Diary of a Mad Black Woman.... Giving birth to a golden idea feels round. You round it out!!The curved rainbow to gold! Magic pi. Like the round natural womb. Stay strong. Strength is contagious. thanks. Get a lot done tomorrow! Car Seat Expiration Dates: Keep Your Baby Safe by leahlefler Wondering....any chance is a die-hard Steelers fan? #Godhasasenseofhumor! Maybe, although I was still up at 4, I took care of the kitty, then napped on the couch, THEN logged into the 'puter..... Shutting down email,, and all distractions + no lunch until I am done with language for for new filings thx bud! appreciate it :) you'll never know unless you try it seems longer then that. Escape the snow & try our NEW turkey tail with pickled Door County cherry BBQ sauce on crispy shoestring fries, topped with 6yr aged cheddar That, plus it always puts me in a good mood to look at 's blog when I wake up. She's hilarious. hi Mikey Cuddle time with thee boyfriend tonight. Then much needed girls night tomorrow. I can reach it myself, thank you. I don't sit around and eat tubs of ice cream & junk. [Heb6:12+Gal5:6] It is thru our Faith+Patience+Love that we manifest HIS Spiritual Promises [Matt9:29] According to our Faith it done to us Morning wood so much fun! That makes it worth it to stay the night and not sneak out in the cover of darkness searching for your panties! hey brittney! its thomas leathers&hannah frm wildlife eco. we miss u!! hope europe is sweet! do u hve wildlife ch 1&2 NOTES? yep after the game until 5, wondering if Detroit's pen can actually close this thing out tonight they most certainly are not. Just look at me. Oh wait.. Just Saw Chrissy She Coming May 5th :) #10favouritebands THE FRAY if those kids want to bring surface-to-air missiles to class with them to defend themselves, they have every right!! A suggestion to not leave our homes for five days and a swift start to the rainy season=easy going weekend in Oaxaca. :: The Moment When You Take 45 Seconds To Figure Out What To Text Back ! ;) #True Shit . Now following Crashed out hard on the bro's last night lol Yum, Apple Jacks <3 NP "Queens Of The Road" Rita Jones We love you You are a reformer and redeemer of culture. Thanks Mark! I wish she follows me it would make my day shine.... Went thru some bullshit this morning. Can't wait til I leave for CT... hillsong united is minutes away from stepping on stage! call me 2104203577 Your Life Is An Even BIGGER Joke If You Think Kobe Suck he's jealous. Fine! Let him come find me! RT : I think Gronk may have something to say about that. at one of my favorite Starbucks locations in Nashville on 21st Avenue (Vandy campus)! I'd definitely vote for that. Phone calls, too. RT I wish there was a 'spam' button for paper mail. doing homework. cool kid right hurrr. be careful u don't get charged with aggravated assault <U+0001F602> Temacious D-rize of the fenix, go listen to it now. If Lee Harvey Oswald were put on trial today he would be found not guilty either by insanity or some Bleeding Judge would throw out Almost ready to start filming! wow! Thanks. That was mostly a sarcastic tweet. But I'm glad you like 'em. It's tons of fun. My brother just hit his first homerun! Snow today....Summer tomorrow...Only in brewcity..luv it!! In Germany? Get Unifi via Vodafone today. Stay tuned to hear where we'll launch Unifi next! Do why did you say it like everything is saying is starting to make sense lol. U silly. RT : Indy's Jukebox is downtown just west of Fountain Square. Great bands, good cause, everybody wins. I've heard from my professors that it started in California, specifically as an "air space subdivision". The happier I am, the less time I spend on social networks. is that the name of the movie on right now on Guest bassist Charlie Himel and guest drummer Max Krucoff will be joining the house band Sunday! she talking about visiting her this weekend Ugh today is dragging nd is annoying Do you have 2,000-plus Facebook friends and consider yourself a "fanatic"? We want to talk to you! Email . Good morning everyone hope yall happy that's never fun. I don't know whether to think that's awesome and make one myself or be horrified. It better have been beyond fixing... So happy I'm able to use a laptop again those five days without a charger were horrible. are you enjoying yourself Finished my IOE flight & I'm now a #JFK Inflight Crewmember :) Thx to those who helped me get there People jus talk to much these days..its some secrets I'm takin to my grave with me.. Would love to see you in a UK uniform! Good luck on your decision! Thanks for coming out and for the kind words! Excited to be using my new #billboardBag for the first time out shopping. Also video to your 1/4 tweet-:9/11Memorial Museum plans to engage - has notice "password protected" when clicked. My mouth is really sore Blah..... we need one asap! RT : RIP Donna Summer - she was one of the best - sad Despite dangers U.S. teens text and drive: poll On "How I Met Your Mother": Barney is.... wait for it.... ENGAGED! what can I say? you had a skillfully-written breakdown. We need reviews interviews and someone who can out grind news content where the hell are you? nice list idk you tell. #EsperanzaSpalding actually made me a little teary-eyed. Just think: there was a sad chance that Bieber could've been asked to sing that. Who thinks I'm kinda like The Silver Surfer? Joe Tusa is starting to choke up. "Suck it up, Joe," says one audience member to big laffs. Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 79 SEO Company From India, Profit By Search Announces Its Summer Internship Program Congrats . Well deserved hey apple head lol San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley Silicon Valley bay area you just wanted to say titicaca, didn't you? NSAC: The suspension will end at the end of December (from March application date). Then Overeem could reapply for a license. DM me about this yeahh bc my mom came. Ell oh ell you're a faggot, you don't text me. An exclusive interview with the Sexual Disaster Quartet, live at The Comet in Northside -- thejazzhalf.com/podcasts/sdqinterview.mp3 dont you see what you pin :) ?? Have you seen our Organic E-Liquids? Delicious and 100% natural! Also check out our CartoBlast unit. Awesome! I used Shazam to discover All Over The World by Electric Light Orchestra Finally after a day of smokin pullin yo bitch copin at the mall and partying i finally get to eat my munchies *cools off a bit* just game 2, it's NOT OVER!! What! i'm going where lives RT : Winter is back in ROC... Light to moderate snow now falling across most of WNY If Heat lose tonight, they'll lose game 3 in Indiana, THEN saying as i just got home from the concert and i just got outta the after concert hottub party. that concert=<3 this countdown is all sorts of off, but I'm super excited. These people been playin' with you, it's time to Shut Em Up! Lactaid milk= the democratization of calcium. I forgot how much I missed being able to drink milk! j150 sure knows how to ruin a night Wow. That was quick. Time flies when I'm having fun? Or just getting old? :-) NO. Heidi Klum and Seal cannot be getting a divorce :( I hate rain. Of course my pal Monica Day is exempt from all criticism of morning news - cause she rocks! She's a St. Tims Fest dunk tank Queen! yo what up Spenspen!! I'm in Vegas! Should be getting US phone tomorrow so buzz u soon! Hope u had a RAD thanksgiving :) 15 minutes until "the lock" they would be so cute omg Someone far away is thinking of you.. Some1 (correctly) points out Ann Romney has never had a job, every Dem in world has 2 apologize. Nugent calls for Obama's head? Yr move GOP. #Christmas Cards are going out of stock fast but we still have some Assorted Xmas Card Sets that contain your favorites:... So damn excited to listen to the new album. I needed this! Why can't things just work out This is NOT Castle. =( Pumped to hear is coming to The Palace May 23rd! Fly you fools!! : very carefully. As soon as I make one, the zombies try to eat it. When life gives you Austin Mahone, take him and run. Hi my name is Amy . *points at Hulk* Hulk you smash So much for a good spring break. I might as well be in school You are so cute. Idk y but i just got pissed off all of a sudden >:[ That's a pretty sweet guitar you got there in your profile picture!! Wow!!! Nice Texans sticker too! TSOI-LA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA. Great show! U should rub a cupcake from on ur foot since they won't Follow-No more until they do! We always promoted them :( Awww...thank ya sweets! ;) love ya! There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. Chris McGarry and The Insomniacs at The hi dive tonight. 8pm I just buy her a cake :) Ppl just kept falling off one, by one. If you are not around me for the right reasons which is just to be my friend and be real then leave. The i296 has replaced the i290! It's more durable, more compact and much more visually appealing! Check it out and snag a Free Ringtone too! Twitters been boring me lately.. Somebody fix it! Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today thank you v-tek oh I'll hit you up niqqa Lemon Town fam come thew it's my B-Day week end #flightcity #Flight RT“: Word Where Yu Gonr Be Around... 2 ” #dead from holiday world Jason Lloyd from the Akron Beacon-Journal talking about the Cleveland-area despondency...Mile High Sports, AM 1510! long shower eh Just spotted one of our parade commercials on ! Awesome! RT : IE ranks #1 for semiconductor #IP and patent portfolio Walls are supposed to be washed on a regular basis I'm so shocked!!! My food benefits went down another $20.00 and food prices are rising. I didn't get any notice either I can think of a handful locally who are major culprits of this brand of intellectual dishonesty. Vegas: Sahara renovation plan gets $300 million in financing ikr i found some relatively cheap for LA should be in this weekend unless you ordered galena or northern brewer. apparently there is debate re: whether/when "adults" should join class conv online, or just moderate them. such a different model! for good? Regardless, I hope you'll spread the word. First time we've had a #digitalhumanities happy hour in Austin, I think. Hybridity vs. Teaching with Technology — How are people differentiating them? Monday morning. -.- I know! Seriously I miss your pretty face! <U+0001F499> The Son of Odin would TOTALLY OWN Green Lantern. AH CONGRATS!!! you're just the BEST BITCH ever to keep me going....and that is saying a fucking lot!!! <U+2665> <U+2764> <U+2765> <U+2763> <U+2766> <U+2767>. Ebook promotion idea: if you loan readers, put something on the device (like a sticker) to promote the service. Did you know MKE has a postal statue? It's on Plankintin and Wells. A demonstration for postal workers will be there Congratulations to Lynn Slawsky of the Public Library Association, winner of the raffle for a free Grantwriting Workshop ! It seems we are having some bold and beautiful brides this year. I am seeing some vibrant colors from hot pink to turquoise. I love it! then I can meet her! Thank you so much for following me:) i hate being sick Everything has it's beauty, but not everyone see's it! Dedicated to Katie you are beautiful ,just not everyone can see that! <3 I LOVE YOU!! I really think you should follow us ;) Why water takin a test They think I'm strong and I don't mind. They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces. It's my life nd I get to do whatever the phuck I want...cuz I like the way how it feels RememberingMom: One of her fave things to do on Mother's Day: Mow the lawn. In a bikini. With her hair in pigtails. #Readmob! Local indie bookstores gathered readers to spell "read books" on the steps of Gateway Arch. (And read, o'course.) I know it didn't happen but Lasers should have been Hip Hop Album of the Year They say im cocky I say im confident Success comes not from the avoidance of failure. Most of the time, success is achieved only when there has been enough failure. wheree have you been! :( Can I go back to bed please? Financial services and pharma industries are embracing procurement. Main drivers. please do I am always looking for talent. But we are different. DM me will send audio credentials...A list Going tanning for tomorrows filiming come with tonight I love when you respond to all my tweets at one time. It's like Christmas. #awkward being in the same house as my boyfriends ex gf x__x I sure hope the rest of the band punches me square in the jaw if my ego gets as out of control as Steven Tyler's -jay Dolphins staring at pass rusher shortage in day 2 of NFL draft what's Jared and savannah's YouTube? LMAO!!!! You're such a putz! I talk so much cause u don't comprehend things. I feel like I'm talking to a wall! LOLOL!!!! ;) How good do you have to be, to be considered a "good person"? Holy Hot! I'd love to use that shot as part of my AussieBum Friday post.... Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. YUP!! And this from the father of a MH & ZA child. LOL!! I hope Ur lying Totally agree! s/o 2 all my women that kit even though they got a dude" C"mon nuggets step up your game damn. Another chapter, ready not to misprint the following.. Every 4 years, there is always room for a little more February. Wanna come over to MySpace and Twitter my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook? When You Talk To Me In French ;D I play with #Arduino during my breaks at work! Great job, ! I'm having lots of fun with this The Prez is on a roll. Break out in a little Al Green for the room. we need you to follow us because we need your help with a project...we can dm the details. Thanks ; I will be doing that right now... your last tweet mentioned an EP coming out next month? anything to do with that? anyway, keep me updated. Final plenary at #clac12. Modeling collaboration between foreign languages and sustainability studies. - Matos-shultz, Melin, Mougel who knew LB, I really never thought I would see the day at home Thank you! RT Awesome Insperity ppl! Lol yea . But yo U wanna txt me? haha your loss An open window, an eReader for my morning paper, and a mug of pouchong tea with honey are getting me ready for a new adventure today. Hello sugar! :-) Nice! 10 pm sharp! at Hotel Cafe in Hollywood. Hopefully you can come. It's my birthday show. Be sure to say hi if you come Matriarchal wisdom... true ishh "I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona." sitting in waiting rooms << I am so angry at those drunk couch-burners for giving UL fans something to repeat over and over like a broken record. Thanks, assholes. Airlines Studying the Science of Better In-Flight Meals Senators focused on killing giants I think the ceiling for A-Gon is higher than Pujols. Even if the floor is lower for A-Gon, I would still take that chance. Yikes, that's a big incarceration in just one week... why? Related to last month's riots? if you DM me your e-mail I'd be happy to take your contact info as promised - but claiming that we went AWOL is just not true I hope u aint bullshittin us saying ur coming to milwaukee on april fools day Truth is I hate you and I wish the two of us were in the arena. I see. Well, kinda knows everything. That bernard hermann episode is in the bp hall of fame. outgoing, funny, friendly. Lol what about you!? Jeppa Joe is hanging out at Broadway and Kilbourn with @ tigetbitetruck@ THEHARDWOODCAFE and Mr.Wills wings...come down for some great food! movie night. Yes. can't wait to try cafe benelux for breakfast. maybe to hot for the rooftop? Downstairs playing the Bass Guitar... Hoes talk for no reason these days BC-AP Sports Preview Digest (The Associated Press) Believe me, I know. Atlantic Salmon and water studied by Foote School students | New ... "Cancel that bitch, Nino Brown....Fuckkk You, I'm C-Lo now" this sounds so cliche. I have the best students!! You are the most important reason I enjoy my profession!! Did you know we were Bullying over Faith? We had a big client that told me he did not like the Christian tone & Artwork on our company web … I am so in love with 's website and tumblr!!! its spanish! Google translate it :p ~Devin.Anne<3 how are you? I guess I'll take the GOP-like position on this. I only want free speech for the corporations I want to have free speech. Campus is quiet today with students finishing up finals and leaving town on Saturday. What was your favorite thing to do on Winter Recess? Job Tip: Always ask and know the How & When part of your pay. If you don't ask, it could cost you big time! That song 'Somebody That I Used to Know' is creepy as heck.. prob no streams but #THATCamp hashtag is v. active and open during camps, as well as website. True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??" “Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi #RickPerry did a good job on Gretta tonight. i cant wait for youre next album Believe. its gonna be truly amazing more than anything What Up? Let's get it poppin!! Bout to take n shower n get ready for work excited thanks Dean! like you, he can't stop napping Not at all. If like in the case of the RT there was absolutely ZERO context for the comment shared it wouldn't be meaningful. Me too. Just like waiting for the Easter Bunny to deliver my candy. Happy graduation to all my Columbia friends! I will be with you in alum life soon enough. I need to too tell some good songs if you find any Is your mechanic in our results? He should be!!!!! Nothing can satisfy us more than Jesus & His presence! Take a minute to acknowledge Him, be honest & take a deep breath & know He loves you! WOW we are idiots lmao jk When People Take My Shit Before Asking the old quote goes "Don't get your Dauber Down" Roger Craig SF Giants mngr in the early 80's Presenter keeps talking about going out tonight. I&#39;m exhausted and my feet are killing me. I&#39;ll be skipping drinks! Did u know a true leader is one who was first willing to follow? U must learn to follow before u can actually lead! I see you good with those soft lips... In a word: ARGH I was jokin I'm not mad I'm happy (boatar voice) Sitting in this class with plz follow....yhur really pretty nd Im single :) jk lolz but I am single but ya imma big fan so ya :P thanks Jon I just mixed Chemical Brothers into the Spinners, but you weren't here, bummer. I wanna walk around or something lol Sleep is #1 on my list for better life balance. Heading off to bed! 5:30 in the morning comes awfully early! Haha - good one. Is it morning reference desk time down in Austrailia? Slow here in the states for law students these days. It's your love, just does something to me..sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough. <U+2764> 'Keane Just a Little Too Keen.' ": See 's Jean Paul Gaultier dress double-take! Well I guess Dita didn't get notice of career suicide for connection I just don't believe things Andy Parrino needs more starts just for the fact that he uses Kyoto as his walk up song Five miles is the new three miles. Lyngrovewines Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+ give the best for a christmas gift and go online at kandizone.com If only my iPhone had bbm. My phone don't get no love no more what happen the funny thing is I can totally see her saying this with such a serious face lol love it What's missing? Venture capital, which is the lifeblood of tech ecosystems. -Kaufmann Luke Worthington (Homestead) adds 15 points and 8 rebounds for Playground Elite in win over CP3 All-Stars. Ross: Appeals to the 99% an effort to reach out to the broadest swath of the general public and the silent masses. At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the fifteenth century it was being used by everybody. if have said once have said 1 mill times. old school. plain. the original. #sendmesomepainperdu #doesn'tfamilymeananythingtoyou? "I got shame about myself, but I leave that here with my ring and with you." Great line from #Glee about leaving an abuser. Follow? c: never should have gotten that far. and he hit a home run in that game. and ... oh Watching #SOTU. Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed. Reboot Charlotte: Cameron Moody, DNC Senior Advisor | Charlotte News Just sitting in the car and a spider decides to make a web all over me without me noticing!! what's up move to new england! If you're a black person and you hire another black person, it's often perceived that it was because they're black Nearly all kids gone home from scappoose high after earlier graffiti threats point to today. Yes, a poster session wd be great. Talked about collaborative markup & Gephi today #sometimesyouhaveto sacrifice what you had for what you truly want. I just took my english exam. Xavier's dance concert is June 23 @ 6pm at Flowers HS. Grp rate tix are $20 each. Would like to attend? If so, how many tix? Tannehill can play! Great athlete too! I think he's a great fit for the Fins. Definitely increases playoff chances - me n Katie Are throwin our bras up at the crofoot! <3 <3 I just looked at the other LitFuse site in Seattle, and it says that she makes websites too!!! We are going to have to look in to this. we stopped talking cause you started talking to her <U+2197> her <U+2199> her <U+2192> her <U+2193> her <U+21AA> her <U+21AB> her <U+21B2> her<U+21AF> her <U+21B1> her <U+21B6> and her <U+21B4> modeling isnt for every girl, just like rapping isnt for every black guy... instead of circling fame nd money...find wht makes u happy Beyonce' and Jay-Z finally did it!! Aw baby "Jayonce" lmfao RT : What's the funniest thing you've ever done in a photobooth? DAY ONE of no car :( 'The Maya Prophecy, a novel' is in production. Keep an eye out. It's coming soon!!! the only thing that will get alex Nauth out of his cave is a bad ass tour (; #ICutYouOff not to hurt you, but to make sure you don't ever think about hurting me again! your very beautiful Cool, let's get coffee soon. You already know haha We were STYLIN :) leaving here in 20 mins...YOU GUYS BETTER B READY :) can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you? u falling up in there Happy New Year man!;) #whatidoknowis Ya Betta Go Follow My Gurl She Needs 1,000 Followers By Tonight , So go follow her.. Glad to take photos at the press conference today! Congrats on the mention from the white house this morning. What!! How did I miss the new season of #badgirlsclub starting tonight?! Thanks for the follow! See you soon! Avengers is hands down the best Marvel movie ever made, absolutely epic!! Likewise. It'll be awesome. As long as you don't call me Bossy. Kekeke. Toyota Makes Service Plans Standard yes im so scared Hello, Albuquerque! This weekend is our biggest and best art show, the Weems Artfest, 25th Anniv., honoring artist Betty Sabo. Be there! I couldn't eat any cookies...they were for his and Gio's teachers. :( Our volleyball team is busy warming up for tonight's game. Mostly by thinking about the chicken wings we'll get to eat beforehand. #thoughtsduringschool Chris drew is such a cool guy, ew my ex, that teacher looks fat today, and another ex who hates me, GET ME OUT Wow, grow up. CHECK THIS OUT ZSWAGGERS MY BACKGROUND IS THE BOMB!! #RIPBoyBelieberJamie my thoughts go to his family & friends. These trees are majestic. Hundreds of years old--good news is that I feel so young! Did you know: live.com is the 11th most popular website in US, go.com is the 13th, Bing is the 14th. According to Alexa.com. I know, right?! Craziness.. what job missy My temper bad I can blow up over something super small jeydon )= ..I love him so much, I wanted so much that he would answer me .. and sorry for your friend: / It feels weird to be the only straight guy shopping at forever 21... why else would he run for office??? I'm not sure what I've done. But, thank you! Let me know band details about next March! best day ever followed me back bahaha I think it's hilarious! It made my day! I'm going to hell... I SORRY. I have to tell you something you're gunna lose your shit Obligatory standards, City of New Orleans and Chattanooga Choo-Choo Go patriots!! My mother is being UNTOLERABLE. Thanks for the RTs! RT : Can't beat this: #FREE daytime admission on Saturday! First, ask yourself the question-- how is this better than hadoop? we all know that combined score was a guestimation we're going to check with the Guiness Book of World Records!!Seriously...we have plenty of pink for people to wear... Lakers Bout To Blow Out The Hornets.. Meting tomorrow in Jersey City. Will Jersey City be the new home for my tattoo shop, "Street Ink"....??? Stay tuned. i choose my own damn destiny!!!!! bitch u can't make decisions for me....only i can so move the fuck outta my way (((Annaliesje)))<~~~Awesome, both inside and out!! Dodging the issue may be politically expedient but I find it unimpressive in the extreme. And I'm not even sure it's expedient. We are to it should be a Very Fun Night!! May 20 we hope everyone gets there tickets! We will be selling some at the door! Malesky has one of my dream jobs. Love librarians! WE ARE BACKK! Trying to figure out the difference between pain and discomfort. Dear airport security, My body is a weapon. What now? Sincerely, Chuck Norris. ! I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 13 #SleeplessCrew except I nap on occasion 0:) My spelling is getting worse and worse as I get older. I blame computers or as I’ll say in 2 years “I blam campooturs.” Twitter what's poppin? I haven't really been on here like that in a minute. Man you are harder to get a hold of than president Obama follow back :) MY NAME IS PAT - PAT FORD* cleaning off my desktop... the physical one - and the electronic one - and the metaphorical one. it's a dusty mess over here. from Cabo San Lucas on Vacation :) ill check out your blog too :) you know you due for a trip to AZ to come see me sometime 21 times I edited these print and quick look ads lol the crack in the chalk board messed it up..... Aventura Mall, Sawgrass Mills, & Dadeland Mall, 3 of South Florida's best! Advantix just tallied up 64 points for the cell phone drive, bringing more in tomorrow. Who else is coming? hahahaha yes you have! Go Leslie! Go! Looking forward to reading the book! The MeetBall'z Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro. I want my 5000 friends back. I missed you all I wonder if Jason from Friday the 13th is just an old school hockey fan, because the new face masks have much cooler badass designs. lets consider 3 risk profiles: low-med-high We look forward to seeing you all tomorrow, 9/18, at 1 PM at the Leavey Center Esplanade for the MPS HR BBQ esp. Boutta roll a perfect blunt ima twitpic tht shit when im done Twit, I made a new game on mw3. Want to get on and play it with me. IT's a 4v4 one btw. Joining other #Millenials this weekend to showcase the good work that is being accomplished by good people. Thank you, ! Coming up on #9NEWS 5pm, I've got your Sunday evening forecast. Get your shorts out this week... Here comes the sun! We're hearing that last nights rain is causing some trouble on the roads this morning so make sure you are being extra careful out there. Y A W N. Who scheduled this game so early? #CLIPPERS look asleep, too. WAKE UP and play ball!! RT : In the process of constructing a new beat website. All artists/publishers/A&R's following me, stay tuned! digging the knee highs Kat wonen Seeing lots of tweets from local SD eateries that will be closed to celebrate #Thanksgiving. Be sure to call head if you're eating out! fuck a bitch , im trying to get paid . you're not on facebook at all? I thought you were exaggerating Larry Strickling : Fighting piracy not more important than protecting online privacy. White House not pushing #SOPA II Gibraltar is a key ingredient. Counting the seconds until the Devils win and Hartnell takes a run at someone/cross-checks someone in frustration. I just wish I got more calls from recorded messages of people running for office... A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. ~ James Levine Friends liked my red hair... #success! At Photo Center NW: "Proof of Homosexuality in Nature" is a must-see! On the phone ;)) BRING YOUR BEHIND DOWNSTAIRS MA'AM....I NEED TO LAUGH No Patron please...on a Lap Dance Body strict regimen but I will Jam hard taking advice #TwitterAfterDark I'm all about lickin & suck some pussy. Ride my face so hard I can't breathe every single night?? hahaha if that happened to me every night i wod probably be dead. Diahann Carroll was the first African-American actress to star in her own television series- InSpotter app ........ I love you too! <3,I still havnt had a slurpee :( how sad! haha the bible says worship this, but the scriptures written by man though After sleeping through a 100 million years we have finally opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life. And not too far from Eden Prairie we'll be hosting a spooky Saturday activity for kids at The Bakken Museum :) What PLN resources would you recommend to an educator teaching English to Spanish-speaking students in Madrid, Spain? Never leave our team. Found out tonight there's a student who's been watching me at the library, but is afraid to come talk to me. I find this both creepy & funny "What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!? " sometimes I think that Twilight is one big Volvo commercial. Hol..y.... shit.. Prince Charming has to go. Is he freaking kidding? How is she keeping a straight face? no competition. In n out heyy follow back please(: There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. Henry Ford - No no no..I'm not you! I aint up here rapping and tapping! It's mass times velocity right? RT Three words describe our love of the Prado: Cream Cheese Flan. You look egg-cited to be on Twitter... Good night twitter fam!!!! Hey thanks for the follow. Stay tune for my up coming showings. Salute!! "Tomorrow's life is too late. Live today."Marcus Valerius Martialis Happy Sunday Twitches!!! I been LOVING this Chicago Weather. yah! But it could be 10 degrees warmer. it sends pictures and items from your foursquare, facebook and twitter feeds from a several yrs ago daily. Rocking purple & gold eyeshadow @ #YeRusticInn in #Los Feliz. The #Lakers better win or I'll look like someone from that gypsy wedding. show #kids McKeesport Children's Room - Pre-School Story Time for children 3 years to Kindergarten: McKeesport Children's Room - Pre-School... oh yes we do....we went there too ya know. lol and the basket for Zach #hickselmeyer is good! I had a dream for a brilliant country music video. People would be wearing plaid, lyrics include "Johnny Cash" and there's a dance number. Thoughts become things - Mike Dooley RT : welcomes Candy Chang to Reno to present her project Before I Die Project. See a sneak peak here.... very nice! and here I was thinking, new art… sure that will just take 46 secs. Nice time-lapse. You can listen to our EP for FREE on Spotify. If you don't know what it is. Check it out! Today is the winter solstice, the longest night of the year. Which means that every day after this, just gets brighter and brighter. to the stupid lady in my dream who got bit by the dog trying to save me.... LOL! ...then she bent the dog in half spilling its guts! #DAMN!! Closer look at #pdxmayor 's race with of on at 7pm Mean Girls! <3 Have I mentioned that I absolutely love the rain in Los Angeles? Waiting to see #BrianCobb rock the ring on What are the odds of you being in my favor? Re: Buchholz comments about Chicken & Beer. HE'S RIGHT. THEY WIN, WE'RE ALL WEARING CHICKEN & BEER SHIRTS. Passion 2012 in one week! way more credit than deserved. I see it the other way. YOU help ME! Just pulling your leg, friend. I'm glad to be in the circle. Will you be stopping by the Spring Game tomorrow? We'd love to see you before you head off to the NFL! hahaha take us to your bio dome!!! En route to #sxsw hoping to catch some z's on the plane so I can network my socks off once I hit the ground! that's a great one! Health is def going to be a topic of discussion soon. We like Big Booty B*tches! are we going to put a cute tag line on it..change you can believe in..war on women...how about free snow cones for votes good looking out! Hey, man! Caps lost, 1 step closer to another game 7 Hahaha you so silly. Just a few more friends like Monie :) No one I think you know, actually.... Yes! Please don't make me stare at everyone - come over and say hi. RT : actionable awesomeness! I hope her residuals last... RT had actress say: "listen, I have 8 nationals running & I'm not avail for the cb anyway." Seattle's Coolest Santa and a couple of the elves will be on the O Deck from 11am-5pm today and Saturday! Come and tell Santa what you want! There is no "D" in Baylor Just finished watching terrific #photography #documentary on Ovation channel: Shelby Adams and families in Is it working? The link doesn't work. :-( Is at my house. She's crazy. St. Xavier strands a runner on 3rd, and after 4.5 innings Eastern maintains 8-6 lead. Lefty Britt back to mound for Tigers in B5. I agree with you xD! Shocking. RT : Sorry. I'm drinking gin :) " : Yes, I fixed that already.”" Nice to see the Bee aligning with the forces of good in the food truck war with the Sac City Council. Finished 6 miles on the trail!!! And I'm feeling GREAT!!!! <U+0001F44D><U+0001F609> forsure! Thanks for the follow! If I see you being mean to Austin like that. ~Unfollow~ ~Report~ ~Block~ you know it's both! ;) It Exercising Programs Crazy Bitches of Comedy this Friday at Jokerz Wild in CT. Come laugh your asses off with us ! Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendRT I texted you -_- #CenturyLink is #heretohelp on Twitter. How cool is that ?! with your questions. No need to dial a #1 then, 6,4... Monday #Marketing Tip: Show off your expertise! Invite customers to ask public questions on your company's Facebook page. prescriptions must've expired? On the last day of the season. Haven't heard a peep about Barton for a while now Thanks for the mention, makes us think we must be doing something right on Twitter. :) Yes, but what *kind* of beer? :) Lol approved my tweet! :) Off to go shopping for my mother's belated mother's day gift! Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!! I hate both of these teams with a passion. #GNG let's do this. Practice today at 6 on the parade grounds. Hope to see everyone there. I feel like going out tonight... A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John C. Maxwell Women are at blame for everything T.G.I.F.! Head over to Friday's for #HappyHour from 4-7pm for all the best food and drink specials in town! great article. just kicked in for the Haiti relief effort. looks and sounds like they need all the help they can get HAPPY HOLIDAYS, may they be filled with all you wish for. and today, it's all Ohio... tweets forthcoming Ugly Xmas Sweater Party tomorrow night. I don't own anything even remotely as disgusting as what I've seen people wearing in Williamsburg. Exciting things are in the works.... And the timing... RT It is funny how Komen was exposed and enable more women to become advocates of thier own destiny. I thought either she's D-RUNK or her sb is OUT! okay asap The thing about the Charlotte Gainsbourg Spotify station is Serge Gainsbourg. not DVD but is sell-through dead? i live right by there. Who are the people in your life who make you laugh and smile the most? When is the last time you told them how much you appreciate them? you can shoot it at me any day "um," "like," "and, um," "um, like" and "so, like" seem to be the most favorite words and phrases of the South Campus kids Fine words from on destructive elitist designer tendencies, the power of empathy and why clients aren't idiots Last day in Ohio..then back to Cali for our show at cheetas this Thursday!!! If you play like McGee is right now, then yes I do want you to play like him... that's unfortunate Saying goodbye to Cindy Lou today. So hard to lose you so soon. I miss you every day. Until we meet again. Jewish Proverb~ Rejoice not at thine enemys fall - but dont rush to pick him up either. So much for doing hw. slacking a little too much. well time 4 bed Snowy in DC. Thankfully it won't last. Getting closer to March every day. C'mon spring! its fake trouble. Not his fault! can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 286 Announcing: ShopToko's The Distrikt. Shop NYC's Garment District - fabulous finds, all under $60.... OMG that pisses me off . he's a lame ! ok ill be look forward to det txt ( : Damn, we get out tomorrow If you can't do two things at once...don't try to I WANNA SEE KATY PERRY'S 3D MOVIE SXDFHYESWXDBHYEWUQSDXBH You bet. Keep up the good work. Hope you guys had a good time at the show. First chair anyone!? WFUV loves Levon Helm. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers. I think you have a pretty good idea who I like today! Don't do this. RT : 4 Online Marketing Mistakes That Small Businesses Should Avoid | Noobpreneur Business Blog... i think i smoke to much nawl jus dont be high enuff Home alone with nothing to on a Friday night. Would you rather be cold or RED HOT??!! 10 am Power starts in 2 hrs and 17 mins. Show those cookies that there's no place to hide. and are the real deal! Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies Can you believe we introduced our Hand-Spun Milkshakes only 5 years ago? What's your favorite flavor? Haha, I PROMISE to do my best to NEVER have that happen again! That lonely moment when the only text you get is from your phone company. shot of Jameson! Thanks for coming out & supporting the tournament. Hope you had a blast watching the mad skills like we did 13 hours of sleep Oh, got it! RT if you're bored. D; I make my wife turn on music while I'm in here. KINGS ISLANDS!!!!! I so doubt that! Talk was great and great fun, and so... onwards Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit Who else thinks it's sad we don't talk about Barbaro anymore? The three year old at the table next to us wants chocolate milk and chicken nuggets. So does that is beautiful! Me too! <U+0001F60A> keep thinking like that <U+0001F603> never stop the hunger to learn. You should watch the TED videos. sure babe. I'll even open the door for you. :) Ha, yeah, I've bought four of those in the last month. More direction would be nice in some areas, though. Never get tired of watching #FNL reruns! Come on now Coach Taylor! he followed me GOOD MORNIN MALIK :-) I KNO RIGHT!!! I BEEN BUSY!!! ITS BEEN LONG!!!!! GLAD ITS OVA :-) HOW BOUT URS??? If you leave without a reason, don’t come back with an excuse. did you see them? time for a velour fantasia reunion!! Jamming out to ! Music rocks guys! Thanks for following or else I would've never found out about y'all. I followed back btw :) Follow for live tweets during games. Today we play at 3 pm here in vero beach Florida. In the early days of computers...we photographers and designers set up "computer rooms" in the dark - literally!! Right now is on live with to talk sea lions and chat about his foundations golf tournament tomorrow! #TwSIG Twitter can be searched. It's really a public forum. Remember that people can look at what is being said. Can monitor events realtime Stayed in all day. Cold finally leaving...I think. I love when Zito gets a hit I didn't know you were a sailor. From the look of the water the conditions seem calm. Have a great afternoon sail! You know what would be funny? Hearing MItt Romney eulogize MCA. Okay, back to mourning my lost youth... Someone just found my blog by Googleing "The movie where an evil little girl lived in a water tower on the roof of a house" when my wife had carpal tunnel surgery, the surgeon came in and put his initials on the wrist to be fixed. RT : Do engineers that dismiss the importance of usability not see that Apple became the worlds largest co by making... Have we found our worst ref squad yet? I have 3 suggestions for co-host. And they are available. #JohnStamos #ArsenioHall & The guy from Community that host Good one! Laughing Out Loud! (It was worth spelling out.) Oh, my. Carroll Shelby died. With Mother's Day coming up we would love to hear about your Mom! What is the most valuable lesson she taught you? I just finished a 7.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS. Happy revenge of the fifth what did you think of the season finale? Please extend Wright, Thanks. these people at my school are going to a 1D concert and the only song they know is What Makes You Beautiful. it really pisses me off. <U+0001F612> Nothing. You? If you had told me before the season that Green, Maysonet and Conrad would be starting for the Brewers on the same day, I'd have shuddered. What a play, ! lol uh no! I would've cried. I got my wife a pack of gum today while I was out. Made her super happy and, as a result, me. It's the small things. there's abit of complexity in the economics of it all, maybe libs == $$ for pubs w/ ebooks, but it doesn't seem likely “: i love free coupons, you too right? ” .Especially those for articles used to make METH! Yup comes in handy on days I don't plan on going and than am bored and just pop in. funny, I was thinking coffee, soup, and grilled cheese day! DearChapter 15, we need to talk. Well, you need to talk. I need to type. You talk. I type. We'll set a good example for Chapter 16, okay? Add me on myspace is DjHotBlaze08 add me there k thanks I really wish my brain would sometimes filter the things that come out of my mouth If it doesn't feel easy. There is something you havn't discovered. thanks. I will give them a call. great job! every time i see that video i start to get really hipped up!! also tp nice rap u both r my idols :) Words cant even describe how much of a bad day i have had. ah, i always forget to check their blog, thanks! [: My stupid sister got me so tired ! She's so annoying ! :/ Gettin my swell on at the gym oh yea follow me first lol maybe even the water slide at great wolfe lodge! the one that annoyed guy pushed us down! whats the website called agian to buy tickets?(: Loving fall & the fresh local foods that are in season. Delicata squash for dinner tonight w/ sauteed local rainbow chard. That sounds good! I would love to chat IRL this week. Let's plan on it! Beloit Snappers! RT Miguel Sano hits go-ahead 2-run HR in 9th, benches briefly empty as he crosses plate 4 apparently "pimping" it If you long to see God, take to spiritual practices. What is the good of merely crying, "O God! O God!"? - Ramakrishna Looking for a new acting agency....these people are slackin' Yeah, but those minorities have been brainwashed, don't you know? Haha! #ThingsIReallyCantStand Breathe Carolinas new album. like wtf is this? no. go back to old bc.. Hey hey KZoo!!! We're on or way! And I always make it harder for whoever coming next I was just on Simsimi, and I said Hope. And it said to follow you. xD Very strange...but I thought I should. Follow back? :D Ty dear god why do i have that rihanna song stuck in my head... please make it stop, please Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/</3 “: A hot tub would be glorious right about now.” I agree!! Best weather ever ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake do the ice cream and cake The Savior has risen today! Have a blessed Easter Peter got his first John Deer tractor from his grandpa. He loves it. He drives it like a maniac! Join us for our Winter Documentary Series on Wed..."Where Soldiers Come From" will be showing in the Rines at 5:30p. Discussion to follow! #fallinginreverse 's new album is amazing <3 No way McGehee makes that throw. Warren St.John, "Outcasts United, kicks off statewide read at Balt also shaped like Imessage EVERYBODY YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT BEATS ARE RAW! 's mine #teambreezy bitch!!! Fabulous! MT : I have a son, not a daughter for a composer, and I salute him for programming women every concert. kudos to you TIP OF THE DAY: Never be too personal at a table. There are NO friends at the poker table and NO enemies either. Every pot/chip is valuable. Sounds pretty boring of you ask me. Hello good friends and neighbors.. this is our first tweet so holler back Excited I'm home and that I am getting to go watch win the biggest game in Preds history tonight! Let's go Predators!!! For the mom who has everything, you can't go wrong with an Earthsavers gift card! - Jackie I enjoy your stories on Danny and agree wholeheartedly - Danny Gokey will win!! I am also not a homeboy. Oh! So sorry, but glad you're home. Your face is an interesting hypothesis. Went to a FASHION SHOW childish as HELL! This is ridiculous ur posting bout ur night when I'm waking up for work lol happy bday homie Does anyone know the drunken giraffe? :D Abel is such a good friend. I like how the link shortener almost looks like cat food LOL. Some kid in my class mass emailed everyone. Wanted the answer for ec in class cuz he skipped. Offered 5 instagram likes in return RT Boykin >>> Easily the most popular choice right now. He makes sense. I also like Florida RB Chris Rainey. Time After F*****g Time FYI loves to run! NaLee a rich mermaid fantasy... the beginning of a TRILOGY I just woke up, I missed this beautiful day :( Black Rock has been good to Gapers Block. As has the Highball Lounge which doesn't have a distinct room. Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video. “: Who cares? Meow died! Nothing else matters.” Exactly. Romney who? You said a mouth full Mike. maybe the most awkward super bowl TV moment since Janet flashed some booby. So bad I see the first person who fell asleep!! I'm going to go draw on her face!! chillin dancy, how about u busy bee! I think the most in the shower and right before I go to sleep i would literally do anything to be noticed by the boys. anything. Lucky asshole RT : LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL YAY I think in marketing dollars, so I believe a new name & logo would enhance opportunity. I do like their colors. My account was hacked .... sorry for the direct messages Coking the daughter & I a good dinner. Shrimp, red peppers & rice. Yes, the shrimp r wild caught, & the other parts of r meal r Make sure to follow so we can DM all winners after the party! Thanks Riley for waking up at 3 in.da mornin screamin n my ear not crying but laughing lmao idk wt to do with this child... Ok I have to be up at 5, night tweeps #CATCHINGFIRE by Suzanne Collins. Am again that nerd excitedly wanting to discuss a book 3 yrs after everyone else has read it. wats going on? #LasVegasFirefighters have a better track record saving lives when it comes to treating and transporting cardiac arrest patients. I'd be quite proud. LOL Remember to click "Save" every once in a while with the stormy weather today. You don't want to lose your work when the power goes out. great publication, thanks for sharing! Don't deny it ...Embrace your inner "Illumanati" ...lol...Jk....I know its dope tho! Never mind there his punk ass go right there Why does project Newt the winner when he is 4% behind Mitt? My phone updated. I have a sneaking suspicion that even though it says "4G," it's not really 4G. Thanks for the follow Mark. Hope all is well. We went 2-1 today at the tourny at u turn we should've won though People living deeply have no fear of death Me: "all a kitchen needs is..." Bryce: you buh then I can't listen to Kirko :/ Man's inhumanity to traffic laws. I love that Bill Nye had Carl Sagan for college astro you don't need an expertise, just need connections! pandora stopped working. Ef thanks for following, Ronnie! Follow-back done and done. I can no longer deal with people who can't park in the lines. Everytime you hit her from the back, make sure that she hears nothing but gun sounds #BANGBANGBANG! RT : We're glad you think so! What's your favorite? Interestingly, 2010 Biltmore Res Chard & 2010 Banner Elk Cab. Sunday night already? “Our Milwaukee 4 Haiti” Fundraiser to support victims of the earthquake in Haiti Saddened to hear you have to miss the W season. Heal quickly! since my recipe's that I like are all dairy heavy, figured you could enjoy RyJ instead ;) hope you had an awesome night! :D Bank Atlantic center tonight. Panthers vs. Boston, stop by our Lennar both for a chance to win some great prizes. Located on suite the level RT : Great media stories to be had at #AZEC11 today, especially from at least no1 ruined your special day asshole Remember when your dad asked you at the dinner table what you did today? This should not be necessary today. #someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 4 longest day.. #smbmad #ford saw all the electric and hybrids when Ford stopped by - even drove two different ones. It's official Pat Kirch loves me. all my friends agree with me. They also tell me how pretty and cute you are all the time. I get told I look weird. you look so depressed, not yourself. You can always talk to me. What's wrong, bby? D': instead of generic stmts like corporate profits R up, list companies w/increased profits that R not hiring & let's boycott 'em A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance. Those nights where you toss and turn and get no rest :( love juuu too! Nuggs primed to steal one center Watching Survivor at work = Happiness. Up next: South Park, American Idol, and the entire recent season of 30 Rock! I think going home at lunch to watch #MadMen totally counts as work when you work in advertising "This has gotta be the good life." Let me know when. Maybe next week? cuz the way i see it youre all natural ;) i plan on getting shirts made so ima need models for the team soon Well then stop in and see us! Corey, you are amazing. I love you on Glee... It's my favorite show and Finn is my favorite character. I love you!!! <3 Be my Valentine? <3 :) Thanks Creak! just got done mowing gonna do flower beds then done yea! I did hope everyone is ok Is a great way to budget your money! great 12 month plan, i suggest you check it out. in each compartment~ another facet~ of me and you~ and you and me Listen to the Jake and Kyle show tonight on www.wolfpackradio.org @ 9. I fangirl hard for ! Forever a brat<3 That's Rachel's strawberry lemonade at Claim Jumper. It was delightful. I bet Meg I'd get less than 7 happy B-day messages on FB. I've already lost. (In my defense, I didn't know that it reminds you.) thanks for the mention OSU Buckeye Clipin's . Remy human hair on clips in the OSU Buckeye Colors they are 10 a peice. She got that thick sauce i call it Ragu ..!! I get mad because I care "the total amount of water in a man of average weight is approximately 40 litres, averaging 57 percent of his total body weight" cool. well, next week would be awesome. we have ACST peeps in this week. you are loved, but I cannot call you The Bratcher. If God has forgiven you, why can't you forgive yourself~BAMM. Can't wait to see it in action! RT : Finally finished the marketing plan and timeline for BEauty on June 22! Not a good start to my Friday... Hot apple cider all down my leg and floor of the car.. And Tim Hortons made me late to work! Ah! TGIF lol ye you could say that I tweet. a lot. how's life? golden retriever! For those interested in buying FATALE by and we are down to one shelf copy. Get it as soon as you can! evan turner weak a just finished makin a beat now im finna hit the bed wit the fam Anyone with a nook wanna lens me 50 Shades of gray? Who brings bullets to a school?! read that as "tanlines" - sounded super creepy talk is cheap we need action players ! #Survivior strategic with a strong will to WIN ! wow, just wow. No! lol, love but don't listen the country music woman : Should I get bangs? what if we already follow ?? Lol Can anyone recommend any good books or references on building food industry brands? Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable. -Zig Ziglar Do your numbers on Saturday fam. I know you got this in the bag. Went to the driving range all by myself today..I guess it's all part of growing up <U+26F3><U+0001F61C> Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence. Plato How do you make the hearts? I especially like the blue one! GO CATS!! What an amazing week! USGBC table top display last night, ULI lunch panel today, presenting to Gafcon Fri. & got a big green wall contract. no it's not! Every time someone does something dumb like that I just want to slap their face. Studio today! gettin ready for the show with pool looks better than RIT :) SO EXCITED GOT A PHONE CALL FROM SOMEONE BIG IN THE GAME AND THEY WANNA LINK UP W THE QUEEN DIVA GOD IS SO GOOD!!BLESSN IN DECISE . notes that modeling object representations in RDF raises questions like: where are the boundaries of resources Thanks! We run the CompassFellowship to train the next gen of social innovators thru #socent ed. Check out ! Holy shit. brought sprinkles cupcakes. Turkey drive happening now at Oakland Tech. Come and get some free turkeys GO STEELERS! That mini heart attack you get when you think you lost your bus pass <U+0001F631><U+0001F612> : I know this is so late but happy birthday! Your amazing ;) I've realized April will never have a dad ... :/ so true.....Stockton has seen his best days Not only did I NOT flush it, I left the seat up. RT : did you flush it? i do xD Probably will get them :) Im good at expressing myself verbally... Oh gorgeous (although it would give you turf burns on the inside of your arm) The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror. Welcome Back! was gud ms.Kay i cant believe its the last episode of #desperatehousewives ever :( Ditto. Namely #lust, #sloth, & We're going to be debuting a song from our new EP over at absolutepunk.net today, keep your eyes peeled! I so enjoy a good nights sleep. The older I get the more I appreciate rest. LOL ill be depressed and lay around and do nothing and just be miserable guess what! As a kid I was hit in the face by a pitch thrown from a Texas Ranger baseball player (forget who) at a picnic. Walking with my best friend and her kids. Lmao right! Same thing on my TL! : Me too!! Until I get sick :( Lol and then he died. Launching the store today at 5:00! Stop by to see handcrafted jewelry, shirts, & wire wrapped rings. All proceeds are considered donations! Great workout, protein bar, beach with the love. Solid day off :) So fortunate to have made it this far. Everyday I grow a bit more, learn something new, and strive to be better than I was yesterday! :-) Dob't they know how fab and fiesty you are? Don't you do the punchline? Knock knock jokes confuse the hell out of me. It's fruit salad at the door. Isn't that the whole joke? yeah that one looks nice Thank you for sharing my tweet. I think dangers beard made more money that I did when I worked at PXY :) I know! Amazing isn't it! :) & thanks for the kind words about my website. :) And field trip requests are in before the deadline. I rule. Time to catch up on writing! :) !!! RT : Nobody cares bitch I got Jones. U? Wow...almost got knocked down by a air life chopper..save 1 hurt another...ty Babe is home!!! Weekend commence! Doing Virtual School-.- I hope I cry through the entire episode! At work so can't watch project or punk'd but that's why I have dvr first thing I'm watching when I get home.. Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week: Prime Rib Chili is back at Ward's! See you for lunch? I'm glad 3 ppl r <33 u, my mom, and dad so there are no other options but jersey shore? April showers, bring May flowers... And I love YOU! Miss you beautiful! How you gon say your gonna bite me, knowing that you don't have any teeth Lol then why you even throw that in there? #HermEdwards on #MikeAndMike: "These are the best players and coaches in captivity. The Saints will adjust." Gotta love Herm. Calling for snow on Monday -__- and I have pirate tickets I think I want some chilis Not getting any writing done while doing all this traveling! But I've read some good books: (cont-->) she's awesome and brave. Only in #suburbia do you see 8 cars in the drive through at at 10:30 on a Thursday. bye bye - your tweets will be missed. please tell me the remoted was missing or something. I usually need some sort of weirdness to get into litfic (ie Michael Charon). It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato. see? I told you all he curses hahaha! Not many heroes like Duncan Campbell. Amazing story. Amazing compassion. Power Breakfast. I love YOU ;) I stinkin LOVE your voice girl!!! Good job 2nite! :))) Shout out to sponsors and tons of others! “: lol Amazing!! Any chance of a follow back ? ;-)” You got it! is #mycrazyobsession (: i have never tweeted anyone that much(: haha I'm just letting myself go! I want to look beautiful again! I want to motive myself to work out and be a new me in 2011! #IReallyMiss when my best friend use to smile all the time because she was with him..now she like blaah.. Morning people check out my new Song superstar Thnx Real Moms Real Solutions Can't wait to provide for Looking forward to working with yoi :) Lebron giving only three quarters again. Haha. Every goal that I have set is because I think I will be happier in the having of it. I decide today to be happy right now. I was glad to see the Univ.took care of your family,least they could do after all they put Dad and you all thro.much love bro Up on the roof and waiting! Sorry for the lack of updates everyone... Things have been insane! How the heck are you all? #MyFavoriteMovie :) the shining I just want to do everything Kerouac wrote about. Take off chasing falling stars until I lose my mind. Is this fa real did get a twitter?! Ah shucks it's over lol I'm tired of the midwest and all of it's crabby ass people. Thick girls trying #oomf knows we get too sillay no problem :) follow me Congratulations to for being named NBA D-League MVP today! Justin is the leader of this team and this award reflects that!! thanks for the RT! Won't be able to play at Freitas as is long-term. Sounds like the XL Center in Hartford is most likely option, at least to start “: In case you're wondering, I will be covered in lotion laying in the 85 degree sun on Myrtle Beach all day today :)” lol i cant stand her at all ugh school Racing to meet my gf at port authority bus station. Maybe not the most romantic place to start valentines day. I'm pretty sure I'm married to a hot girl RT : 4 great tips and info follow here on twitter all week long! I think he could be very random!!! He looks perfectly random..That is a plus !! =) Good Mornin from the States Turnout in Baltimore is low, but so many of you have shown your support! Can we push these last two hours to put #otis4mayor over the top? Ah, thanks; somewhat surprising. Also congrats on the SS mention -- incredible company! I hate it when people talk to me like I'm fucking stupid Don't be a menace is on!! Young adult fiction, probably. All I have so far is a concept that came to me all at once recently. Are you entirely self-dependent? Can you live on your own? the only way I'd support that would be if it meant cheaper :) checking out the blog and the 7 Steps to a Flat Classroom project. Music needs a bail out I pray these two la women sleep thru the night... The fact that we live in a small FS PR world is why I didn't bother having goodbye drinks - see you Tuesday at FS Tweetup NYC! RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank thirsty thursday Like Guacamole? The Blue Pear in Palm Springs is offering a "comp" order of guacamole when you order an entree and show ur Diversity Card! shout out for the follow :) Because i didnt hit send, and it was one text fool not you <U+0001F60A> DIY=Do It Yourself Happy Birthday Diddy ....enjoy the day my friend !!!! Do our votes even matter? Something to think about, give us some feedback.. Tired... Declan is home(; RT« I hate being single.....» RT Wondering why folks in Metro are looking at me funny, then remember I have Yuri Gagarin's face tattooed on my cheek Oh prom season. Only in Leesburg would 17 year olds arrive in Porsches. right on. well yo, keep us updated on any future shows, Im really impressed with how well your booking is coming along! -Tom last softball game of the season todaay :) going to miss my JV girls<3 Evening everyone. How's it going ok :) i would really mean a lot if I could tiny chat with them :) don't worry, Dave will come What are you getting into today? Hanging out anywhere? Love how every one of my best friends are having a good time without me lmao my mom text so slow I was like want me to do it for u RT if u love twitter more than facebook At least this way the Sooners can win both the Big XII championship AND a bowl game. #haveuever Logged into Facebook, log back out, then log back in. Same with Twitter... Volumes and COUNTERPARTS are nuts. Two of the best bands we've played with hands down. Bobby put that song out in 1974. Wait, I have a marching band version of The Time Warp? AWESOME. A big Happy Birthday goes out to Lol Thank you! This is the first time I've remembered my 1/2 Birthday so I feel cool Stunned actually I'm thinking a song with you two is in order. Hot ass dance song amazing video. I KNOW the fans would love it!!!!!! It sucks Congrats from on your new baby! I (co-founder) have 2 kids and parenting ROCKS! Writing a poem for someone is harder then I thought :/ Hell Yea!! Lol You too dude! I am dead with love for Kate Winslet. Dead. is recovering from surgery, but the Smart Aleck Staff has at least THREE guides in the works while he's out! Hey mama, i seen vid and i think u pray about iraq. I think its a good opp 2 go and get tht money! im rooting 4 u! xoxo going to lunch with Wanna join? Just rewrote a jerk-ass email (with me playing the part of the jerk) as a "here's a problem, can we enact this solution?" email instead. ah, Seattle. Be nice to my librarians at #immsea ! We're sending 2. We have #HappyHour until 6 today - 1/2 off Tap Beers & Appetizers! #Duff Pitchers are $5 all night! about to get in the shower then play the xbox 360 AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out She called me son....<U+0001F60D> I'd like to see the result. schools gonna be rough tomorrow RT : 80% of cardiac events in women could be prevented by making smart heart choices – diet, exercise & no smoking. I really need a sign in front of my door that says "Make sure ur fly is up before u leave the house". where and what for? burn ignore mark ronson wow -- that's awesome! I wish was following me so bad.:( USA! USA! USA! RT May is National Hamburger Month. Celebrate accordingly. USGS is not reporting an earthquake anywhere near #SanDiego that would have been felt in the last 10 min. walking around look snooki cause Happy Cinco De Mayo!! <U+0001F483> . I would be happy to be a reviewer for your javascript, jQuery book, have used both heavily since 2007 in our DreamFace cloud platform As a citizen of modern society, you have a responsibility to others to bathe and not stink. I want to watch new girl, but it's not on anymore. Wahhhh:( you're welcome. Something new? Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys election season: the time when we pretend that one politician is more ethical than another. if you cant buy your girl flowers atleast once a month Happy Veteran's Day!!! Hospital food sucks but, today just enjoying the rest. Two atents replaces all fixed up skating is the best cure to a hockey loss day. especially with your best bud from up north. I have two people that might be interested. dm me your email address 33Across team is present! That's easy for an ex trombone player like me. I'm getting sleepy and by the time we wrap the sun will be coming up... but all I want to do when I lay down is read Game of Thrones. Happy Leap Day! Use it wisely!....To Tivity and Beyond!!! Bloomberg.... Wow u r so black u got mistaken 4 a giant charcoal I'm in total sympathy. Truly. Sorry that there's always the inevitable cause-and-effect in whatever choices we make. no problem!! yes I speak Spanish why?? Just leave us alone ok?!! God im not in your life anymore so get out of my buisness !! It's one of those weeks when you just have to listen to the entire Beatles catalog from start to finish. Precisely. Brutal night. #BabyNoLikeyDairy RT : (OR HAVE A NEWBORN) Salome Cardinal sings Fado tonight and tomorrow night ... what up my friend! just wanted to say hello its worse around grapevine love this! thanks for the RT In a shocking turn of events: a teenager has chosen to listen to the opinions of his friends over those of adults. Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702 Baking a cake for my mommy to make her smile tomorrow. I am not a drunky! haha I need more days in November. Perhaps between Wednesday and Thursday? Just one half-day perhaps...? OMG, I know all 3 of you. This is getting ridiculous. RT Fuckkk I want ta go to #TheFinder cracks me up... <U+0001F61D> .. I'm hungry. just tried your "Kale Festa Soup" from your new soup cookbook...one word YUMM! What a terrible day in Boston sports. oh! okay well that's certainly good news, maybe i need to reread :P What you mean you weren't feeling it? I bet it was crackin Traveling to Pensacola FL tomorrow for the Jazz Festival.... So far so good! Had a great show last night and another one Monday! Katie calls me wedgie-free Danika cos I'm getting soccer pants Me too lol Just her laugh “We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly second networked book & inspiration for digress.it --> "holy of holies", m. stevens "question is....Whadda you want? Do you want me to call the cops? You want me to get naked and start the revolution?" What an excellent reunion last night I'm so bored I hate writing papers for school. Levron , wade give the ball to lebron deg if he pass it to u , u betta convert smh Emperor X (full band!) and Timbre tonight at the ! 9:30pm! I have to say it. The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ. Made some yummy homemade french onion soup, my trick is molasses stir fried in the onions Listening to ! Cant wait to see this boy again.. Oh and dont forget Cutting grass sucks! James class LAME today . :/ make that 29 I'll ride anywhere you can pick #40thingsaboutme 35. TJ is my best guy friend ever! :) Um, I live two feet from you. I thought part of this deal was that I become your garbage disposal?! Why must people steal bags of mulch and an evergreen tree from a gated community garden? Thanks for the follow. You get over to #Curacao much? Silver Stars trailed by 16 in the first half. Sophia Young scores 20 in the second half. agreed! So awesome but no one else is on it!! TURN TO YOU! <3 Congratulations on your face. Thank you Sen. Kerry for standing up for women and opposing the Blunt-Brown Amendment. She sounded a little whiny to me (like when I complain about a bad nat'l pitch), but I did take it to heart. Very well done and interesting presentation regarding the best social media practices! Thanks Can someone put the Class of 2012 Memories DVD on Youtube?? Because I still can't open it. When they say "herb & cheese pizza," all I hear is "urban cheese pizza." I could really go for some urban cheese right now. Enjoying our time at the event in Rochester, excellent turnout Classy Not Trashy haha I Like That Don't forget to stop by and receive FREE SHIPPING on your purchase tonight. ENDS AT MIDNIGHT. take your time. Writers block is the worst. I write a lot for work & when I am blocked it kills me! We'll be here when you r back :) Coding an app to perform basic market intelligence for a top electronics brand Hooray NJ Devils!! Peace out Philly! #1975 #NHLPlayoffs #NHL :) “: Broxton got $4M from royals. Plan is for him to set up. Physical tomorrow.” #Royals Crow to the rotation? Thank you :) If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it EVERY TIME. Funny how much people talked shit on Twitter in highschool yet they are all getting it now lol Looking for a great birthday idea for your child and friends? Check out our party section at www.bathandbodybistro.com Yo everybody was on Friday. Meagan Good was so little Up here, she was too cute. thanks for the CMH love gross dude Rt: Lot of talk about crossover votes in Dem primary, 17% of those who say they'll vote say they are Repubs. Pillars of Reddit: 1: The community should always feel small. October 14, 1976 - Chris Chambliss' ninth-inning homer off Mark Littell in Game 5 of the ALCS wins the pennant for the Yankees. see you in the AM :-) Heading home the deciding if it's 24hr fitness or lifetime???? Decisions oh yeah I'm down for sure ! Just thought you wanted to take someone else but I'm down dude! Nick Johnson still plays baseball? I hope he still sports that ridiculous mustache. In a world where we need 2 teach kids 2 respect others. Adults n parents shouldn't get mad @ children that want 2 try questionable things Split pea soup. Nice and thick. Add seasoned croutons before serving. So come and talk with me there. Still need to get verified. He is now Bengreenberg on BC, but not approved yet. Must be Yankee haters! Waiting to see How To Train Your Dragon in snazzy 2D because we heart Vikings and don't like eye hurties or crowds... Woo! It's Friday night! Hit up a Bartab bar! California is one soggy state right now, bummer! Well... gotta go work on orders, have a great day my twitter peeps! xoxoxo Almost went to jail today, was pretty scary!!!! Those monopoly games can get pretty intense!!” Getting X-like Have a great time!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :) Enjoy your weekend. An amateur radio enthusiast suggested that it may be possible to connect your computer to a "ham radio" and access the net. woke up to find my body pillow on the floor again. Can't even find love from an inanimate object. you shoulda seen me after I pulled my hair up! Lol het twitter dudes i'm available now, bring ur harley-sized u know what and cum n git it baby! i hate being bored n i need the $ help me out! u know I can't spell nope. no way to forget please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 30 follow back Check out the Peace Quest site www.peacequest2020.org PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011 Don't Miss It...It's FREE!!! I spoke no lies when I told ya I'm a lost cause. You know...MJ's Secret Stuff lol RT : LMAO space jam juice? Today going super straight actually had fun with my mama,brothers, and my baby sis Living a life filled with compassion for others creates transformational experiences for all. i'd tell him to go away cause idgaf. Hahaha. He was talking to me and was like i see you're improving. Keep it up. Still don't understand how a grown ass man would be scared of a teenager with skittles.smh I'm such a terrible student. I feel sorry for my teachers I have 2 under 4 and work full time too. fun and frazzled sums it up. Instead of raising awareness of some idiot via a Twitition (that's real?) Just don't follow him & don't follow those that retweet him. On the way to present Pokatok to the Pomona Valley, CA, Boys & Girls Club with Cal Poly Pomona Latino/Greek athletes leading the way. Pretty sure I just saw a man walking along the side of the road with a shotgun. Um... Mayhew better go get mike jenkins from dallas University of Colorado Law School & Northwestern University School of Law Yep! Let's get her done! Great picture! I'm coming for a visit next week! Cannot wait! Sometimes you should just treat yourself... I'm sorry to hear that you were having problems accessing your site last night. Is the problem still occurring? ^CB Gas Tank Contamination, What&#39;s been Done, What&#39;s being Done to Stop It Why did I get in this traffic:/ Hey , Will You Ever Notice Me?? I Hope So. I Love You With All My Heart & It Would Make Me The Happiest If You Followed Me(: Thanks to 4 the follow! Text messaging is a great way to send reminders of important dates to clients. Ask how 918-271-0062. Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci thank u!! Im trying to kick this site OFF with a Bang, but I need More Food joints on here! Getting serious about my workouts again and am curious what everyone uses for protein in their shakes. What are some good options? Gig tonight in Hermosa Beach at Suzy's...hitting the stage about 8:30-8:45 and rockin for a few hours ! Wear Green !!! why didn't you tell me the meeting was at 11:30 not 11.. whoops! Any ways BORED! RT lol i barely associate myself w/other girls. all they do is bitch, assume, & talk shit. "bros before hoes " It's a happy go Funday ... And I'm feelin' kinda Sunday!! It's the best day of the week. Today!!!! is bangin dem turntables. Hip-hop on the menu today. Who has an oovoo? we watch everything online,we no longer have dish or cable.That is a big shift. No he phone either.Everyone contacts us via FB/email yea man Action packed.. Iron Man is a Beast the new room mate stole my perfume, she denied it, I just ran into her and she's wearing it... Pssst! The Lunchtime Lagniappe is at Louisiana State Museum, not :) ": Siri, find my gracefulness. #awkwardgirlproblems" something you need... followed, follow back(: #SouthFlorida its a great day to order #uniforms and if you need them #printed or #embroidered with a logo or design we do that too! right lol harmless sticky notes We hope you enjoy your breakfast, Jerry! your face gets so red. Crazy ginger (: great covuhh #keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough. Thank the lord today is FRIDAY Boarding for home. Our #vvmsgov students are absolutely the best! See everyone at school in a few hours! I just gotta watch out from because of my Canadian comment LOL - love that. "Allerent: Start preparing now for your addition of Google+ to your company social media marketing with #google+ Irish toast “May those who love us, love us; And those who don't love us, may God turn their hearts…" watches 25% off TODAY ONLY for our 2nd Day of Christmas! New deals each day! Even if you don't despise Mater Dei & De La Salle (which you do), it sucks that 17 of 20 teams in the ship are from private schools. Follow us on Facebook too: Sushi Sasa Denver. We'll be offering some (very secret) deals... #ChildLabor rules for kids in #agriculture a prime example of #media not doing due diligence and fact checking-no one reads they just repeat How much did you get for Livan Hernandez? #Unblurred this Friday at 5440 Penn Ave: chef Kate Romane & E2 will kick off their & offer free mediterranean food! i went to cava in clarendon on Friday. that place is the jam. =) Hebrew Proverb~ Man plans and God laughs. we should. #SocialBusinessAlliance ? I'd love to help set one up. For Valentines day, treat your sweetie to a 6oz petite filet of beef w bubbly lobster mac & cheese! Why are Canadian girls so cute? To all our WS minors and BC students-- have a wonderful holiday break and good luck with the end of finals! We will see you in January 2010! Thorns and stings and those such things - just make stronger our angel wings. - I can't wait for my sat am date with My lashes look tranny... #21 Jackson Square (tarot reading) - New Orleans, LA Great work. Love the use of light. Must be tweet watching... As usual The dream of the '90s is alive! apparently in china, today is the birthday for all dogs #lovugizmo woof Chicago baby! Miley and Demi on one stage...... CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT!! I forgot to say I was off today. My supervisor is going to kill me. Idk what to do! that was exactly what I was thinking shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever! I lost my star of David necklace... <U+E23E><U+E421> Have a great day Trisha- and NO more texting while driving ok? Chef Chuck Did u know that it is national park week? FREE admission to all state parks for families! Hike, take in the weather, & enjoy a picnic! Y'all confuse the shit out of my with your song lyric tweets sometimes. and to show the beauty in the city! "50-50 of both sides" Got a new avatar! Now who mad?!!!! God knows I will try to sweep her off her feet. She's got to want to be swept tho :) Even though its not the best, I still am thankful for my life!! This weekend has been great except for part of today... but oh well I got booze, and got to see my sis and got to see her happy. Yay Oh weak. Speak with an accent in the US? Who would REALLY like to speak like? Flight back to LAX delayed about two hours. Mostly LA librarians left in our terminal. Lets get this show on the road, United! Success is when preparation and opportunity meet. I don't like Kobe but he's a cold nigga for that 3 he jus hit whats been up Envy I need to hit the bed soon. My Parents make me FUCKIN sick, wo wants to take the next action that i have been talking about for a long time?????????????? Hell yeah. Jeff Saturday When they go to the studio guys on the NHL broadcasts and they're all standing, I feel like they have to pee. And then I feel I have to pee. -"...being happy while still practicing law" I don't have to become a ski instructor or baker now! Jerk chicken for lunch. Mouth on fiyah! heh that's pretty awesome. thanks for "sending"! :) Pookin out ur ass doesnt make it look bigger .. Easing back into work and the reality of being a #workingmom this week Yeah. Let's end our season with an interception. I mean why not? Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting "follow "! We love you <3 RT : I don’t forgive people b/c I'm weak, I forgive them b/c I'm strong & mature enough 2 know ppl make mistakes. The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates. Start a dream journal I've been thinking of you. As a start, perhaps you&Ican Skype;then set up #educoach hangout Rutgers really pressuring USF, 5 shots in the half, none on goal, one finding post. Let's GO BULLS! Get some pressure on the other end biased Van Gundy that was a shot to the head Chrome's incognito mode works better. I saw an anarchist today breaking Niketown's windows while wearing Air Jordans. He then erupted into a ball of ironic flames. Wait, what? I can subscribe? And...now I'm blushing *again* after realizing I just publicly admitted to still rockin' to DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince. After today, only one Monday left in 2011! And most of is have it off!! It's peanut butter jelly time! :D logic says you are correct Thanks, friend! #ThingsMyMotherSays NO! Your Face Is Already Cute For You To Be Ruining It With Piercings! I am currently addicted to Reese's big cups. @ Got out of school like 20 minutes early just cause i have an appointment ! you live? You can order an STD online.. Smdh Wonderful! I like the way you think. RT : I did! and I made extra because Tuesdays are so hard to get excited about. LOL i aint playing!!! Looking good girl!!! Love the bright pink pants :) Vanessie, their audiences and staff! My band! What a night! Thank you all! Rockin'! "I'm afraid" "I need a drink" "You should just be a Nun" "wait, seriously, no" What my mom says when I tell her whats going on in my life... love the mcdonalds rant, this guy speaks the truth yeah, it's frustrating. But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better. And we're okay now Cocktail in hand and ready for the #mixologymashup! Season is coming. June 16th! Find out deets at kickball.com/orthunder awesome story, always love bmore history can we be friends? Lol Assume your own Beauty. Start from there. aw thanks :) I'm happy I could make you smile :) Babies are so loud.. lol. That is about right. I sleep standing up. ;) RT : Going to #CES2012? - I'll be there and would love to talk about how can help curate the social conversation. I sort of like keeping work/not work separate. It feels sort of silly having two, tho. BTW, we need to have SGV adventures soon. Me too! Hooray for 's Green Fridays! RT Today is my Friday! When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. #GoodTimes - my favorite episode has to be "Black Jesus". At Catalina Jazz Club on Sunset and Highland waiting for one of my favorite jazz vocalists Diane Shuur to come on stage. Excited! Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance. Warn yourself up this holiday season with some delicious local chili !!!!!!! I wanna come back for a game over the summer! Is everyone playing again? frankie ill take them, do you want to meet up tomorrow at the theatre? You need marketing, branding and PR services! Contact me and I'll share with you how to create visibility, position your brand and utilize … Any Scramble with Friends fanatics out there???? The seconds to minutes years to life I on ragged knees ask you to be my wife to have and to hold and get each other through the lonely night My goodness! SXSW has left my whole entire body sore And now New Orleans... Here we go! :p party time x.x trying to gain weight It started with a whisper I heard about that but thought it was a joke. Kind of funny but corny. If its good ..then whatever. :) Beer breath all up on your face is unattractive. Every modeling agency will be begging me to sign with them, I thought can you call my kid? I tell him this stuff all the time but he won't listen to mom. lol :) Willis: little written about the role of text in cinema, though much more work on digital literature (Hayles, ELO) & : Trying to recreate your ramp tacos from last year. Refresh my memory, please? me and love cuttin up on ...... Cut throat #4wordsyoudontwanttohear it smells like cheese Taking Bong Rips :D I LAICH BROOKS! Is hype that is on the game tonight love u Gabrielle hope you get better hope you are well Andrew!! Cheers blake Enjoy the words of wisdom from Regina Brett www.kgpt.com/our-blog.html I love summer ras! that's what we do. Online videos and political coups Love your new album! Can't find it anywhere in stores, so I'm listening to it online? Any idea where I could find a copy? Quiet you Is the color on my TV bad or is Louisville wearing orange? #LocalLove I love San Francisco because it's so close to the redwoods, nature and camping. I'm camping as soon as possible Happy 4th of July! Meek mills tape is gonna go down in history, the music lives up to the hype. already exists! Coffee Shop of Horrors! Yes indeed. Gotta have games at a games unconference! Got that right.. ...make us feel all warm and fuzzy inside, and download our stuff. Andy Pettitte is back? What? Leave alone with the pregnancy stuff... Im watching #KhloeandLamar... she is totally stressing! It will happen when it ... I agree. It sounds like rest of team feels the same way too. Awesome panel discussion at #sxsw When Filmmakers meet Interactive - the Canadians have our butts kicked here. Multi-Platform storytelling Strange the media hasn't announced Tanit Phoenix joining "Safe House". I do believe you could get a hotter jpeg of her than Sam Shepard. I almost had one of those shirts... had them, but they don't anymore. M Maybe Thursday or friday afternoon? oh I believe it Hi Curt :D There is a human hand on the raptor! o.o #JurassicPark ... o.o u a damn fool Oh what to do, what to do... Lots of decisions but thankful to have them! Hot wings and a blue gatorade Budget lapse plan passes the Joint Finance Committee, 12-4. I knew. It was obvious. Marty's bi; but Doc is all about the teenaged booty. PLEASE--ALSO FOLLOW WE NEED YOU Moving to the chi n a 2 years Word. Like I said, as a MacHead, I EXPECT everything. But I obviously expect to pay for it. So no surprise. Man had fun bowlin last nite tonight will go down in history as the great #trivia #fail of winter '12. but I suppose things could be worse. could be -12. == Ay I gotchu. Ay how many cd's are left? A great way to start off a Sunday is sculpting! I still don't fully understand Google + Now wait a minute. There has to be someone with at least a little backbone at political rallies. Hey, everything alright? We haven't heard from you in awhile on the email about the Mellon stuff Whoever coined the phrase Quiet as a mouse has never stepped on one Loving Lenny Kravitz's gold eyeliner, Stanley Tucci's blue #manbun and eyebrows. NYR vs NJ great start to eastern conference finals in the NHL. Now some NBA time with LA vs OKC. #Kobe vs #Durant gonna be an epic series Another fork in the road. Do I go left, stay "right," or just use it for my salad...? Spot trending now in , : Intelligentsia Coffee - Coffee Shop (live updates) Some people just wake up angry right ray my draft is tomorrow and I have done little to no research...help me!! Link to your draft guide? Missed #edchat today because I was at the bookstore looking for ideas for next year. And bought Killing Pablo (Bowden) at daughter's request yea they suck the us lady pressed on my abdomen too hard very uncomfortable I bet u pick it up and put it in back in your mouth #3wordsforyou I love Brandon In the cut in the cut rollin sushi up we had a dog once that loved butter and would swipe it every chance he got... it'll be ok. :) I've never expected any type of gift from anyone I wrote letters for (and never gotten any). Is this a thing people do? I don't know why mrs. Gegners so nice to me. she tried to flunk me.. ? sox should send Iglesias to mets for D wright & youk, Lars Anderson to marlins for Hanley I WISH and COULD TOUR ONE DAY. THAT WOULD JUST BE HEAVEN We recently got more dipsticks in starting at $5. and also some flexible ones starting at just $21.00. Both Oil and Trans. your tweets to the Jonas brothers are hilarious! what's decision process re: whether content goes into ad or onto fb page? or do you comingle? No kidding. No bad weather on our trip in, fortunately. Looks like another warm one today. He sucks Ultimate Warriors mothers ass, not humble And they're off! - The Times of Israel I just finished a 4.04 km run with a time of 24:22 with Nike+ GPS. Did you know that all Tenn-Share Board meetings are open to the staff of our member libraries? The next board meeting is on Oct. 27 at 6pm. im honestly not 100% sure if to believe Jelena broke up. their even saying it on facebook... Solution:Why not find out ahead of time what kind of food ur guest typically has 4 breakfast, & b sure to have that on hand? Home sweet home. Today was a very hectic day however I really enjoyed it. I had a blast at work :-) she fell of the bed in the middle of sex. i yelled "5 second rule" and just kept going RT Ppl love to be internet gangstas.. Have a seat! Bwuahaha... #Blocked #IssueSolved <-- It was a great time. Hung out with the band before & after the show. No big deal. kind of like the game today....? Why is #Glee murdering every Whit song? My ears!! yeah, just neglected and doesn't understand. Well be careful while you are out there partying.. Accomplishment is not built on success. It's built on failure. it is built on disappointment. At times its built on catastrophe. Apparently there were some men cutting themselves and wiping their blood on windshields off of Hollywood & Highland. Never had a focus problem at concerts, only sports. Frame rate is different, but again won't really matter for concerts This bs has got to stop . C'mon Timbers, less than an hour now. Bring us home a win. pretty sure seventeen cards purchased at once might be a record. thanks :) which ones did you pick up? ironman or hulk? hulk... fer sure... he dominated. Some things get old real quick! We are back and now reviewing app Miller Park is going to explode when Ryan Braun comes to the plate. A lot of line charts with big spikes and big dips. Not pretty indeed I suppose the cause of death would be "lack of interest." Get Well Soon!!!! i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w. Yo sexy Body =] enjoy beautiful redwood city. :) bring me back some pliny the elder beer! :) youre even more the best <U+0001F618> love you tiffffy Did I miss the part where this wasn't Durants team anymore, now Westbrooks?? When did this shift take place? Quebec House Cleveland Park bar crawl continues... See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com u didn't answer my "QUESTION" just tapped his new Boogeyman Black Lager ! It won't last long, beer fans! #Come&GetIt See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work 14% is virtually no taxes Still awake and ready. 20 minutes. star wars. Still NO MEDAL! If Dice-K is official for Saturday, I guess I'll be getting an early start down there! regardless. I am incredibly impressed by Bo $800billion ? Geez, I kinda feel a lil' guilty for enjoying this gorgeous day now! We love film too. Good thing we can process *almost* everything under the sun! Let us know if you're looking for something special! I miss I wonder who she is hustling right about now. still have not found 3 free hours to see the Avengers :-( Yea Yea aww! I hope they figure it out and you can prevent the next 1, or at least be prepared. Poor Skylar! :( So get off the slave ships/build your own pyramids/write your own hieroglyphs "Our Greatest Year" is a sharp and funny take on #CLE Sports. Last show tonight at 8 in Clev Hts. Giirrl! *Ms. Kym voice* but no this boy at my school thought I was subtweeting him. But yeah my mama birthday Saturday. You still coming? The awkward moment when u fall asleep typing ur paper and wake up realizing its not finished and due tomorrow Werdum got screwed. Overeem got outstriked and literally laid in guard for 9 minutes. Overeem in guard makes Guida look active Just let us know when you have another Youth Service and we will come. We would love to Minister a couple of songs. Didjya see that Google and Facebook have held takeover talks with Twitter. Want your cell phone service for FREE? Christopher / 602.573.4157 do you do anything for fun BESIDES go to baseball games? Interesting that I know "getting through the bear trap unscathed" refers to golf At home hiding tryna stay out of trouble lol. It's weird sitting passenger seat in your own car RT : Remember the Geminid meteor shower peaks tonight. If you have clear skies - enjoy the views! Twitter Is So Much Better Than Facebook . <U+263A> And I know it's outta hand, okay, but I know you can take it ..- Dinosaur Jr. I know, but the question of the Facebook like as political speech raises this larger question Looks like you're on top of the world. #NP Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen. Who else loves this jam? WAHOOOOOOOO!!!! We are all systems go!!!!! Get. Yer. Hog. On! cc: Scott Rose would like the Portland Police to be more of the front line for social services, and for their reputation improved it's that time of night where my brain goes haywire. chilling with my girlfriend Ha. I need to pick up some of that stuff. *HandsYouAHatchet* Me too~! thanks for the follow I eaat to much ): What does a person burn their bridge with me and then expect to walk across it once more? I mean...really? Didn't think you'd need me again? I like New Orleans so far. And it's not even 8 o'clock. overrated!!! Let's go Rangers!!!!! #YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't ONLY want to get in my pants To the group of teenagers hanging out in the park after dark and...playing trumpet, I salute you! We can<U+FFFD>t survive on love alone, it<U+FFFD>s the same for our #dogs too I've been married for seven years. Would like to spend some time w/my laptop (having w/drawal) but instead going to network for lunch ...random pics of mindlessness? Watch the ROCK THIS RESTAURANT MAKEOVER this Saturday March 5th on 2 KASA FOX at 5pm!!! Winning a #VespaUSA from = saving gas $$ bit.ly/mintvespatw Today in Financl Srvcs Cmtee I questioned Sec #Geithner on the million$ Gaddafi's family unjustly took from #Libya's people. hey promo x30 Whatever they're eating, it smells divine *grumbles then continues on with teasing the noble men*. Love the feedback! U do know best! RT : I like the ad but in all honesty less text would be much more effective. it does. Many on-air personalities are not who they appear to be. ": Beyonce at Revel! It's so close!!! :DD" 15 in a row wow that's amazing I thought it was so cool :>) maybe replace tall with GRAND ;) haha Nite! Sleep sweet! I'm hiding we're getting married one day.. just thought I'd let you know. .<3 Going to check out the shelter near by for kitties again, in the morning. Big day! Extra excited! :-) People. people. That is clearly MY COSTCO. Goodbye buffalo, hello myrtle beach c: your still pretty!!.MEMBER THAT!!! happy valentines day rene We think they are divine, but don't just take our word for it... RT : yum! That looks divine! <U+2764> I'm curious to try the Nike Fuelband! Hmm. I see a price/feature comparison spreadsheet in my future. My maternal grandmother had 8 children, her last one at age 47. The last one was the only one born in a hospital. This blows my mind. Did you know that the founder of www.shastic.com is a #musician too? are you then going to pick up a mask as well!??!? #HappyBirthday. Enjoy today!! Wish today was special. Follow me buddy. Aw I missed you, but if you ever try and pull my weave out again i'll fuck you up beyond anything. Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me till you drunk and I'll show you. All the moves like Jagger. I got the moves like Jagger. They're in tonight's mail! Thanks for your order. Use both hands, baby. *smirks* My reference quest for the day: Lakeview Bakery & Deli God is a passionate God; passionate in His love for us; passionate in His hatred for sin. Can you see it now ? I'm still fumbling through this... pats have ball back near their 30. At break Thanks for the follow! We hope you are excited about the line coming out :) Im here in portland oregon Thanks Mike! That is our favorite part of the game too! Watching Resident Evil 4 After life movie :) uhh, clarifying, ... wasn't a huge fan like the huge fan i am now ;) Jealous! Ronan was sending me text updates. Wish I coulda been there. "Be the champions of trust." via haha i belive im in the same boat RT Yes! Emily Procter will guest co-host on on Friday, April 6!!! I can't wait! hahah you know it!! We agree! RT : I'm thinking a Bulls Playoff road watch is in order... finally got paid, now i need shade & a vacayyy <U+263A><U+270C><U+2600> on vacation from work for 13 days!! Were you ever shy as a kid? i wanna hear it see you in Guadeloupe! #DoNotBotherme if i am singing a song! That i like! Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. I vote for 50 Cent FirstFriday Galleries to stop by at #harrisoncenter, Billy Ray and William Rasdell..absolutely beautiful! Knicks just quit now. Great win #Mavs! = #CLUTCH and solid play from DWest, & JET Many thx 2 all authors/donors/supporters & esp. 's Young Literati 4 2nite's AWESOME Bk Drop Bash! Hope it's an annual event! This rain & thunder is only good for one thing... its coming ..stay tuned! elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce! can anyone in twitter-topia tell me what the heck is "encoding bias?" Kickin' it on shakedown street at Reggae on the Rocks Bermuda born but im an American Cannibal same here just got done watching it ": #ThingsINeed to stop being such a hater/bully. #getalife #stopworryingaboutmine" bitch please my lifes awesome Omg! Just witnessed a wicked suv collision. Didn't even look real! Got me shook. Damn This is the cat's way of saying, 'Look, you're not picking the Derby winner; I know it, but you're not catching on to it.' I'm taking a road trip just me and my baby!!! where u at? Chillen at me G crib! Need for speed today w biking and powerboating to work up appetite for Chef Scott Savoie scavenger dinner! #Torontothrills w Thanks for sharing Morgan, hope you found some useful tools on BV. #FF THX to a bunch of great tweeters: A3 I am saving all your great ideas in real time to my "Saw" board in SeeSaw #ideachats WOOT! Went to Dinosaur BBQ for dinner. Too much Mac n Cheese Friday night, yo. hehe I don't have homework oh yeah I took it freshmen year I wonder what happened I agree. Web privacy rules turn poachers into gamekeepers BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When you 'like' something on Facebook or read an online newspaper, That's what you need cincy... more drug dealers they gonna judge me anyway. Thank you Mr Wickus! :) x yes, that worked for me. I don't eat at or follow Wendy's, so why are they on my feed? Unboxing my new o.O What, she wants so much mayo in it it no longer tastes like fish? I hope that's still pretty far but I could manage that(: the "older" seem to act more "immature". #truuuudaaaat lol Lololol! Get outta here with ya Over-Thirsty butt! Lololol! This Nigga Here! not in my eyes....but if your going conf champs for bcs conferences...maybe... The library can be a #bad place sometimes Swag gone turn up for the summer... >> Hello from the USA... I follow you with Pleasure.. ;) << ready for something new. True #SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit! It must "Paid in FULL" before you receive it! I'm not naive. I know exceptions are made for athletes. But those ears administrative decisions, unrelated 2 reading instruction QB Vince Young is now a Buffalo Bill Class canceled...Time to start working on this paper. #orangewednesday is starting to take hold. A coworker was disappointed I didn't have orange on. Buying an orange cardi k thanks boo! What are you doing today! Okay, so #Community returns. But goes up against #BBT. Then #ParksandRec is on hiatus for a month. NBC, you are LITERALLY killing me. Awesome! Congratulations! Who out there would like to see "Tax Freedom" day be January 1st of every year? It's easy to go from the simple life to the fast track, but almost impossible to go back the other way. SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – pls retweet our updates – exciting/wonderful things are happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless You Sugar & coffee products from Africa that could increase Italy’s productive energy; Italian PR to connect patriotism to banana eating. watching dwele perform and he's got the whole audience singing. Isn't that the longest game of golf ever? I was snoozing in that part, too. The cards were much more exciting #FF He's a fucking hottie ... go check out :) Random question- if a siamese twin committed murder would he not have to go to jail because the other twin is innocent? Then I helped someone do a PubMed search using MeSH terms. What wOuld 2Chainz Say #2Chains, 200Diamonds ..I'm On top.. I'm done climbing..rap game? 2 easy .. Me and wayne? 2UNEchi !! He actually wants a slightly useful education...something he won't find at Kentucky... Being prepared is a GREAT thing :) How was your visit? friends don't care that you like an institution, but do care that you enjoyed an exhibition there. Yep, I can see that. Yes, it sounds like it. What a small world! Good spinning Mr. DJ! Thanks, will do! We'll miss seeing your face everyday after what happened in ATL I'm not sure. He might be black balled by the NFL. He might have to be an OC in college for a while. You gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love. Back to #gymflow... lord walk with me ppl get on my nervous Man I thought i found the love of my life! Well i guess its back to da drawing board. Can i get a nigga dats drug free and has no limits. last minute preparations and by that I mean frozen yogurt with lots and lots of toppings. lmmfao...this fool said pull and tuck... hehe you look so cute! &hearts; :* penguins fly by night, and sleep by day #ThingsIwantTheMost Sleep, at the moment. Just waking up !!! I have done so much for my brother at school while he gets to stay home all day. He better love me who's ur vote? I love #evernote...trying to get more teachers in my building to sign up and start using. thank u for pressing city officials. They r not doing their job, public safety! NOBOBY's GONNA LOVE YOU LIKE I DO. NOBODY'S LIKE ME. IM SPECIAL. <U+2665> Come and enjoy a Hot Cross Bun at Provence today! Only 60 cents a piece. Q4 coming up with a side of eggs, hash browns and yes... why, yes, you do need a master's degree to be a librarian. k? I told myself I was going to get better at twitter in 2012. Somehow I got worse.. Oregon State goes down in flames. My son has some explaining to do. Out of my mind... back in five minutes. #SongsPlayedDuringSex dick in a box Paying attention both online & offline w/ true desire to serve client will fuel creative juices & make everyone happy. You live with some yutz? #HAHA! RT via : For the second time in under a week, an iPhone has exploded. Now I want the one that explodes. thunder lost to da wizards smh thanks for the shout, glad you like my work! Frustrating. I want my Bronx Bombers back! Team Health Holdings Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results - MarketWatch (press release) Rode my fixie, in matching Adidas/Vespa ensemble, to buy a yoga mat at Walmart that I carried home in my Timbuk2. I have totally sold out. Well started out a lazy day but going to the bank to get money to see how I can go spend it lol maybe T-Bird skate park later tonite.. I would like to hear more of your story. hey babe<3 Somebody hit my car while me and my nephew was in it!! HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA sorry I am waiting for my mom so we can watch who's to say he didn't PED then. I'm not faulting him, because everyone did. To me, it is what it is. I had a 4187 do any and every thing i could. My chain of command said I had what it takes to be a fine officer but i upset my cw3 I keep checking weather.com, expecting to see a warmer forecast ahead. Reality check to self - this isn't cold snap, it's winter in Chicago! I have nothing to do. Says about Gomez, "None better in center. Everything he does is right on target," as his throw goes 10 feet wide of 3rd base. I just don't know where all the time is going lately. This hard work must pay off! :) It's all fault! #SportingKC Sorry, looking for a scapegoat :( wait. that's not true, is it? we have a problem ! Hughes on the line needing 1 of 2 to ice it . asked "did drivers get the message?" re: bike demonstration, and i say - no, because they probably couldn't find a parking spot. ZING hey do u know how to do ....from Wheeeewwwww I'm full now!!! And I have some to take home but I doubt I will. There's something boiling inside me. awesome! No problem :) rollin with Love the interface and customizations. Thanks for the heads up. Welcome to the “: Reading this tweet at the bar on a Wednesday night. #singlegirlproblems” haha I just need 9 more followers..:) Have your bought your Mega Millions lottery ticket yet? Or are you in line? Tweet us your photos! there are more for you than are against you. Be encouraged today :) nice what time to stop by for some southern cooking lol... Thanks RT i love u,this is called a opposition! Dems vote on non-binding resolution to NOT bring POTUS tax deal to floor really? I constantly am chatting with new Internet friends here (that I;m making through the chat) Followed ya! :D No question, is the best person of all time. Ever. Fact. Yes and the team wasn't very good as I recall! WOO OK For sure! RT : It's fun to watch a team play defense when it has a pass rush. Six sacks for #Bills now Thanks for the follow..... Hey there. I think I spoke to someone last week on the phone. We don't make those decisions. But thank you for reaching out! ^lk Possible solution: just prepend the word "comic" before "books" and then Ecclesiastes won't feel so heavy. Michael Herzfeld: "A very serviceable definition of power is the capacity to keep anthropologists out." nice! Let us know what you think!! what the heck!!! I thought you were on your trip, why didn't we have class then!!!! I do not want to go to school tomorrow at all. Happy 145th Birthday, State of Nebraska!! dude congrats on graduating! Now pass the bar so you can be our lawyer. I'm a moderate to liberal chick but that is just flat out funny. I do work @ noon!! Holy crap, we're actually working together....lol. YAY!!!!! I'm going to try and make it back for a weekend or something heheh Post ur favorite 508 moments in #508epic Me & get into it! I wouldnt shead tear for you anymore because big girls don't cry ... For a chance to win a FREE bottle of wine your next visit: txt CRUSH to 411247. Enter 411247 for the phone #. In body of txt enter CRUSH. Glad to see that has defined bringing strategy and creativity together: Charasmatic Branding. Bdays are the best days lollx Break a leg - give 'm hell tonight! #ChazRocks! TRIVIA: SPhiS's first national convention was held on what college campus? i swear pumps caffeine through the air ducts...i come for a tea & leave w/ an adrenaline rush *flips car while screaming* Drunk at the Roosevelt ;) nothing better The Oz Patisserie Daily Special is: Lemon-Basil Souffle with Raspberry Crema. Summer has Arrived. Hey there, (rubyatwa743), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here! eww don't shave your head! Well Im Done! ha but almost out of this class! Dam Can Wait Almost Out For Christmas Vacas!! lol haha What's this I hear about David Robertson?? Thanks for the retweet! hey! how are you? i'm good thanks. i just want you to know I love you so much <U+2665> Frontline Technologies Inc. Announces Termination of Management Cease Trade Order Haha, I'm not sure about that. I just know those 3 things are my agenda for the day. Have the time of your life before all your time run out Edwin raking RT The official WE STAND music video by feat is coming out THIS FRIDAY!! Brown, 2 minutes for being punched in the face while lying on the ground A new company will attempt to mine asteroids for resources such as precious metals and water Louis with the moustache at the end... Too much amazingness you better! Haha got an a in my oral exam today. woot woot Exhausted :/ ugh. It's going to be a long day at work. Absolutely! I'll send you a message in a moment. honestly I'm a little sad it's over, I was excited to see AT&T get into a street fight with the internet. the stories break my heart but your reporting is full of errors and is blatantly bad journalism. Can't we are leaving in like 5-10 minutes. I hope... Trying to get my homeboyz to perform this season ppl. Follow them n check out their music! They ROCK n RAP!! The amt of packaging w/a mens dress shirt is unreal. Plastic collar ring, 10 pins,tissue paper,cardboard insert, price tag &in a plastic bag Web Camp is going great! 4 sessions down, 8 to go! "I don't need to be a real man, I'm an actor." hey I just wanted to ask where are you from?? Please RT!! :):) Much love <3 No next week gonna be cold lol When your best friend thinks I switched her for him<U+0001F622><<<<<<<<<< got dressed to go out but I'm honestly am thinkin about putting my PJs on and chillin. :( I was hoping your lion cloud would come and devour it before you pulled all of its legs off. That's really disappointing, man...cuz I loved the first one. Yelawolf on a Sunday in the 504... Duh I want to go!!! My upper body is gone be strong as hell. MEn who dont like to read..make me want to SMH and say a prayer..cuz your living proof that knowledge is BEST hidden from a NIGGA in a I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days. follow back <3? Informative panel re PLA compliance #bwctownhall including members of and make it even better with your fresh, innovative ideas. We can't wait to see your progress! yeah, I just noticed that its leap day. I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster. —– Joe E. Lewis ~Stage Freight Strategies part 3~~ 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions. 7.Organize your speaking notes. Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Emeril Simon always makes sense Baby you Don't Know! its takes money to MAKE money. Well now I suddenly want to listen to suck. Back to school bleckk Finally going to bed yay!<U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C> Haha no,but that would be cool!! Getting ready to do an art workshop at one of the Boys and Girls Clubs! Midtown crews are out there cleaning up. Please use 311 for down trees or large limbs. Check "GMAD at 25" archival exhibit on Gay Men of Afrikan Descent Awesome context of LGBT social organizing. hungry & tired I am? I feel obliged hello . how's your day? Craving a McDonald's big mac and fries right now :( hes still been chukin this series What the fog? Slowest bus ride ever. Klout thinks I'm highly influential about Colorado even though I've never been there. Honestly, if I tweet about Colorado, ignore me. What Do You Mean? (: xx that was my biggest challenge with the tomato and mozza salad from Becky's! Listening to Jeff Zuber at the Grange Cafe in Duvall More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana.. Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday. Excited to be part of the conversation at DMI's Design at Scale, great kickoff at the studios of ! excuses excuses "BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW!! WHERE IS IT?!?" "Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets." bout bored af son sittin here playin grant theft auto ps3 somebody hmu Yeah, I tend to mist up at sappy movies. I've decided to just let it flow getting touch with my inner blubber. planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia. I think it's set for Nov. Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival. super stoked. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."... .'s digital project is on hold now while she finishes her book, bc her school doesn't count dig projects for tenure Everyone is comparing Google Drive to Dropbox while ignoring Amazon's Personal Document Service which might be the best of them all. the mayor Seeing a bartender refer to themselves as a Beverage Consultant on LinkedIn has made my week. I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline. It didn't after I closed for the first time, but it has continued saving them since then. Going to Dustin's brothers football game tomorrow. Then to his house so his mommy can fix my prom dress :) Beauty is a blessing but can also be a curse depending on the choices you make. Understand for yourself it's real value. damn/: i cant even imagine how you feel. Wish you could come back now! got a CST math test tmrrw... didn't study. or bother doing ANYTHING math related for the past 2 months. #howtheheckdoihaveana #soscrewed :( I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call 'image fuzz-out.' Lost $5 in about 5 minutes to the quarter slots at the Cal-Neva. Just had the schwag delivered for Sundays Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament, come one and all and have a great time ! can't wait to see you! What is the state of the field of military history? Pretty bleak so far. thanks for the shout out! thanks for the grat breakfast and service today at our CEO Panel!! Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate. ~ Sandra J. Dykes what's good brah It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives - Tony Robbins thank you very much! It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. - Mother Teresa Okay let's try this again Up bumping dat Harlem World on I guess we're all entitled to our opinions...Rick Santorum says gays are gross and I respect his right to believe that. #GoAmerica! change your password ask Fraz if he'd rather be eating "fingies and fries" from Al's Pizza Those who trust in the Lord for help will find their strength renewed. They will rise on wings like eagles. -Isaiah 40:31, GNT Staying to myself tonight /: I call em like I see em. True Head Nurses suck dicc like its a snake-bite... #m #GetAllThaVenomOutBaby! "I love you, I love you, I love you. But I love Rock'n'Roll more than I love you..." And ketchup on french toast does not sound appetizing. What's Going On TwitterFam? Ok Well What Do U Think About Performing For Fredonia College? My Sister Goes There n They Have A End Of The Year Show Looks like I will be uninterrupted for the game tonight. Thank you Pinterest! Hello Wendy "blue check mark" Wild! RT : I respect that!! I hear 60's are the new 50's. Happy Bday homie! You fucking bitch.... #Rayj smoked some butt naked before he did that interview LMAO at mo williams falling Tonight we will serving stout beef stew in a bread bowl, and corned beef and cabbage, true Irish meals! Get involved at the Urban League! More info about volunteer/internship/mentoring opportunities, visit us at idealist or volunteermatch. We are who we are until the day we die we ended up at the zoo. Was nice even though it was very cold! I get out at 4:45 cant wait Sleep > homework #FF to for working so hard on your midterms. What a Herculean effort! planning a vacation...any suggestions? Looks like another busy one I always poke my eye like that too! It's so annoying! Pretty sure you should only use "joint" when talking about Spike Lee films. New songs, pix, and video updates soon! bookmark this sh*t My team is the French Lickers. Won championship two years in a row. hahaha no proob (: . Its not that cool but if you need help im there (: Just got home for round 11 of the Mayweather fight. One more round left, sounds like Cotto's gonna have to go for the knockout to win. dip lay's potato in your leftover mustard. Yum Only 2 Buffalo Sausages left! Sellin like hotcakes Thank you tivoli! You rock! :-) Hearing Obama could have announced Friday but REALLY wanted to carve up Trump on Saturday. # Did my usual get buried early and finish strong today. Went from - 40 to +25 over the session. Drove back to SD tonight, back to thurs Congratulations. It looks great. Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC. Can't wait! yeah I used to be like that too. Then I figured out there are totally different world cultures and experiences to try lol Luke Bryan AND Jason Aldean Are Coming In October!! :D WOAH WHAT?!?!?!?! u luv WHO?! ddnt u promise to tell me once u finally fell in love, no matter how much u deny love at our age. Dude walks into the store I work at and says, "My mom told me to come talk to Janixa". Apparently, she liked me and was trying to set us up. Steph and her boyfriend are having a huge argument nice! you can even pay in cash! Very good to meet you Dan. Thank you for joining our conversation :-) He probably thought you were Knighted.:-) Trimet blogger tweets he's back to work after that controversial posting on his blog about a bicyclist. What do you think about his return? Ready for the #biggestloserfinale to start. What an amazing season! In before the unclutch LeBron tweets. thanks, so kind of you;) Two hours to go. hashtag game with ! The guys we were with still have no clue to this day. yaa that's my shit! Follow him I'm tryna get that shit out there. Good news, great news, bad news, hope, anxiety, confusion. I can't handle this roller coaster right now. Don't act like I never told ya. to survive the last week of my first semester in grad school!! Break4McCafe #MOTHERS DAY BRUNCH IDEAS! #the best stuffed french toast you will ever have! #mothers day recipes #breakfast ideas #brunch ideas What is one thing you could tell us about yourself that others would be shocked to know? Wondering if I can learn how to dance using that Xbox game...or will I just end up looking like Richard Simmons without the perm So I nearly walked through Kim's interview. The directors are playfully joking at me and don't know I am sitting behind them. up early for a nice drive to PHX and then an evening of hockey. Becoming irritated with Facebook's policies and the like- if industry networking continues to be clamped down they can kiss me goodbye! you know it sweetheart! God prescribes, carves out, calculates & arranges everything for us...we should presume & do nothing without His revealed word. J.S. Bach Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. I'd be careful what you wish for... I was the 2-ball knockout champ in 2nd grade :) Lol Here I Go With My Went to ITEXPO today! Sounds like we had similar nights and mornings. thanks for your shoutout! We really appreciate it! :) I tweet quality not quantity! 3rd row on right. Next to gilbreath and joshjo. R kelly-hands of time Wonder goal for Fabian vs. Barcelona!! Unreal!!! love the concept! Looking forward to the shows. I've given you follows 1 and 2, thx for the invite and heads up! Happy #ff! great ass sha wing 24-17 Predators at the end of the 3rd. Good Morning! It's the day after Thanksgiving and all through the house, we're all stiring to go out and shop! :) It's 434am! just gave the worst audition of his semi-professional career. Bah. Thanks for the heads up! Sorry to hear that you were hacked...we didn't get a DM, thankfully! Bored. Gonna go watch the Justin Bieber movie. Talking to Rj nd he said he dedicated a song to me then outta my system starts playin,so i hung up nd he texted me with a broken heart! :((( Kicking off #WRAD early with a visit from storyteller Megan Hicks, better known as the Origami Swami Lol at spelling Lana's name wrong! Please pray for his family. They are morning, but know he is in a much better place in God's loving arms. He will be missed by many. Heading onto the set til 9:30 EST, keep me posted on the #caps #rangers match-up! Come out Tonight and lets kick off the weekend right! 6pm At a #constantcontact #cityofchicago social marketing seminar do YOU follow ?! Love it. There is NOTHING wrong with bragging on your kids. Brag on! dang! bitch slapped right outta hurrrr! guess he is one of those people not following you. hahaha. I think serving in the military is the hardest job. RT : Being a mom is both the hardest AND best job. RT if you agree. NO BODY GREATER LORD! CAKE WALK! #EcoMonday shout outs to for all things green chicagoland and for all things science + tech Omg, you gotta have all of them back on for a reunion! Wow, the feathered hair ! be there in da am Thank you so much for following #Agoodboyfriend knows how smart you are--and takes you to the ! Pay him so much money he's your franchise guy RT What's your definition of "build a team around"? Ike Davis is 0-2 today, bringing his seasons average at Citi Field to .00000000000000000000012 Instead of getting a frappuccino and going home to my cool apartment, I decided to take one on a walk yesterday. It's racist, discriminatory, and fucked up. It's achieved nothing except to criminalize men of color. “: It's okay, I understand. She's skinnier, She's funnier, She's prettier, don't worry I wouldn't choose me either.” please don't. Please. I go 4 days on weekdays, and on the weekends it's pretty much all I do. I get Friday off, to do what I want. Hbu? Just boarded the rock flight to KS. Get ready NERDS!!!! good point Sure am glad the Mayans figured out what 100s of other civilizations have gotten totally wrong. I'd hate to have to live on with uncertainty I think you landed before that rocket you launched today I know you're on dirty 6th depends how passive aggressive you are. ;) Can a plane (not the passengers, but the plane itself) be skanky? Because this plane feels skanky to me. Glued to the t.v. all the time now Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to a great TedxYouthDay in Miami! Awesome tribute to Springsteen at Kennedy Center Honors. I didn't miss it! Just one day until #GUBday on January 23, 2012! Come out to Sellinger Lounge tomorrow for birthday cake and to make a wish for Georgetown! some people just really need to die. get them cheeks up. I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you. <U+200E>"It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want." -Franklin D. Roosevelt I LOVE The Way You Sing.!=) You Have Such A BEAUTIFUL Voice.! I Wished I Could Have A CD And Autograph Of You.! No longer doing faqs, so changing this account to & doing Senior Advocacy in the San Diego community. No problem :) I'm glad everything is okay now Thank you, Teresa! r u Tim Tebow? When you exceed people's expectations and service them well, you are rewarded with smiles on their faces, customers for life, and referrals! TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution. Proud of St. Thomas for having it's first ever 10-0 season! Should be fun.... I'm not leaving (; i've been right here. Just got back to a data plan I can deal with!!! Movie with food and bevvies at Nitehawk in Williamsburg = the shit. Spoiler alert: the movie's NC-17. Lol Women who remain single are likely to be high achievers of above-average intelligence. auto correct can go straight to he'll thats what I'm gonna study in college, and sports journalism when you leave for work or chillin with ya so called GF...guess who she texting to invite over fOR some good dick? ;) ..ME bruh! It would be nice if I had friends who actually talk/text me Killing it! RT Canopies live on Alright, time to get ready for Improv class. Survivor and Game of Thrones are set to record. im trying And a "Friends of Weird Life" community to manage it is in place - please join! What would life be without you? and Christian bale! hey u need to tell mrwrong he needs to send me a signed cd. follow the next big super star outta the south he from MississippiÂ I'm so excited about GO! :) Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film. Just did my civic duty of voting for a lot of judges I've never heard of. My #instagram feed makes me proud to be #PREBOK. Thanks a lot for the reminder. my bad mane, I thought you had it after the long bomb to fitz. Sarah Palin's Going Rogue is #3 on the Amazon Best Seller's list. I forget, how high did Pelosi's book get? #2 is Glenn Beck. The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you Time for a walk. Possibly with a stop at Great chat tonight- got you guys marked on my calendar. Good to see everyone! yeah of course i will!and ok yay! im really excited now! Im getting good at basketball I think I should tryout this year To tired to go to school I want to stow away and sleep for tired days straight! How do I apply to get into the fashion police academy? Whats training like? what a great goal. Its all about knowing yourself and living your dreams Maybe if I just keep drinking tea and listening to Bill Evans, I can write 2 papers today. Planned, or just time? The models make their way through Hong Kong to attend go-sees = #ANTM is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c! May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones! Is it bad if the only fantasy player i have playing right now is a kicker yet i still sit here and watch stat tracker during games? have fun with the new chick ... cuz i know i will and I converge upon the YRL after biking to campus #firealarm celebrates this achievement. LOL and I were just talking about industry vets working with aspiring game devs in #ggj11 VERY awesome event! Miami Heat vs. Phoenix Suns tks for heads up. I will. I thought the #Colts were going to pull it off Avs in Phoenix tonight.. Will we win? ?tn to Morton: What are you doing? A: A homeopathic dose of fear. Way of defeating cynicism, the default position of modernism. My teeth hurt and my braces are all red. 1 month left!!! So proud of ! Her new song "Want U Back" is a SMASH! :] YEY FUR US AWESOME PEOPLE!! :P Juss came from outside it was decent <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+0001F44C><U+0001F44C> Way to put 2 & 2 together! :) That's pretty funny. I understand people want to know the armored car murderer is apprehended, why are we watching a press conference with no info? With the strength of a thousand men, climbing to my feet again. The Tooth Fairy has gone too far this time!..Curse you Perry the Platypus!...lol wait wrong show!& this is w/out the knock outgas Wtf?!? All of this blood is coming from a little was cut. I think Operation Doppel-Chang-er would've been better. Engaging myself in research on rhetoric and competing characterizations of change and status quo in #highered. Seeing many parallels. A1 It is definitely about building relationships with conversation! we definitely need a US panel on ...that may be one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever said to me. No joke. Love the live tweeting. U r an extraordinary multi-tasker! Sheriff is done w/investigation. RETURN TEACHERS TO #MIRAMONTE! #WhatIMissMost my best friend a friend, nosy..... ;) but seriously you'd find out if you wanted to help me get him to follow me. What ya say?? thanks for the support! Log on to e2on air Lawman is now interviewing Etana (The Strong One) 1 page equals (roughly) 2 minutes. unless you speak really quickly... like me. My dog is purring -__- I have TDA does that work well or should I open an acct at ST? my accountis under 10k Thanks for the kitchen tour, Zuni Cafe! Now I'm even hungrier for your famous chicken. Being held hostage in my own room. Can I come out yet?! Everybody complaining but aren't doing anything to help so I'm gone do me Good to know! How is the race support? Enough water stations and such? ..... What does OCTMS stand for? why was i the only one who didnt feel the #earthquake?...that sucks bring another!! lol jk Just to be clear, and I are not related :) #AWESOME! RT : Yep, those r indeed #threewordstoliveby #justdoit. We'll be cheering u all the way to race day! put me on to a good site yo Been at work since 730am, I'm definitely going out tonight. Finished with week 2 of 3 for regional sales training. I smile, but I'm not happy. Liz found a recipe that just calls to mix the broccoli in olive oil, salt & pep, and then lemon juice after roasting. Baller. CNN email: FBI director confirms bureau has opened preliminary investigation into JPMorgan Chase's massive trading loss. I love these events. Maybe see you at the next one. THE BABE Congratulations to the Ky Derby winner! I love the name "I'll have another!" :) Same. And I don't even have a dog. RT : My dog is more social than I am. now I can follow you here too! Saw you on feed. Hope you don't mind old teachers listening in. :) Thank you :) Congrats on your webby nomination! I need to be making some moves today sending again i think i might make it through the 1st day of being a vegitarian... Super late, but thanks so much! Hope you had a great weekend. I really want to go to a Keith Urban concert. has brought me back to Twitter. Love &Lust both intertwine with each other, but which ones the right one? Thank The Lord for waking me up this morning Have it on my phone, but haven't played it yet. Let me know if you want to play! Dropping the kids off at the pool. Stuck inside today until my parking lot is plowed. Looks like I will be unpacking the rest of my boxes from my move... Which was last year They don't call us stepchildren for nothing :) no one in this world knows me the way u do. hate how much<3 boy cant stand how much I need u(want choke u I hate how u do thing stay <3 u) hey bud #Seahawks sign Frank Omiyale or as Bears fans lovingly referred to him "Gate 68." So, uh, good for adding depth! Great entrepreneurs are heat-seeking missiles: Always scanning the horizon for the target. Why cant I have one fucking good day... samm text me! ur number got erased out of my phone wen i got a new one. me too :( I swear, if I ever come to America, I'm gonna meet you, then we can go see him. <U+2665> Happy New Years!!! stand living near a big natural gas stinker like that. I'd have a constant headache. I seriously hope there were nohouses near offering up great Wednesday night specials: $2 U-Call it Well Drinks, $8 Lg Pitchers of Sam Adams and $1.50 Bottles of PBR Also, is about to send me into a complete ragestroke as well so. I'm with you. Lee DeWyze was grossly overrated and over-pimped tonight. Casey and Crystal blew it out the box! thanks bro. welcome to twitter! ATT uverse please!!!! do u know if u will be streamed like ESPN3? or maybe on ESPN3? . everything tastes good with Burger King Mayo sauce, dum-dum. Ah, that explains why no one was home when I called earlier. Hope it stays routine today. Giving out CDs of my new hip-hop and house mix 2nyt @ RELIC... You LOOK fabulous and you ARE seriously PUNK ROCK funny!! thanks for keeping us ALL smiling! Thanks, but I already hauled it to the DoubleTree! Studying for Spanish 2 final... /: urg. so many words! Check out the new album 'Nothing Nice' coming soon and keep an eye on DatPiff for all the latest hotness from the Young Slum Lord! Love!!! still bummed about Carolina's loss, but psyched for the #MadMen season 5 premier tonight! what kind of dogs do you have? WHAT! Lo mein and snowboarded? Ya know...people get killed over non invites like this :) What is your favorite thing about the change of seasons? #SummerIsAlmostHere -CS Sometimes, in the name of survival, a person must pretend no other times existed or will exist. you are never an "Ex-Pittsburgher" Thanking God for my busy day:) Searching Craigslist for apts on April 1st--yea or nay? I'm seeing some REALLY good deals, and yet no one is answering their phones... awesome, if you ever wanna throw anything on our site gimme a shout! Devils food cake! Hey! Happy Tuesday! How is everyone doing today? Drink that water! Move that butt! :) Make today count! Hello Mother :) Yum! Nice choice! :) if one more person bashes country music strait to my face making fun of me for liking it, I'll strait up hurt them. KISS MY COUNTRY ASS. Sorry I didn't get to see you! I know visits are hectic. catch you next time :) “: Breaking: is an asshole who works spoilers into every conversation” hahaha I don't think there is anything sadder in the sports world than than being a fan from San Diego. #Padres #Chargers Need I say more? Tonights show at #ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!:)) Thank you everybody who came out!!! A rare getaway! Today was boring Ah-ha. Random, seemingly leftie person who has now for the 2nd time referred to the President as "Hussein" on my blog is a libertarian.... I'm loving this LHH relationship, LOL... It keeps me on my toes, LOL i better Catcher of the Future! So this year and next year Im going to do x factor, American idol, and maybe the voice :) great pick. Needed the help to stop the run. Goiin to bed with him on the brain #likealways :) Wouldn't mind having a waffle #BELGIUM style!! Thank you! Please dont make me expect. Please dont lead me on. Please dont leave me hanging. Please dont hurt me. That is all. FYI: im in your carry-on. :-) #FavoriteLyric Baby you ligjht up my world like nobody else -1D ;D chow! as you know, I'm so happy for you :) well said, my dear! im practicing liness or roles or whatever and its getting complicating acting. like how am i gonna do this in front of the school ....... I support gay marriage; but not gay child rearing Why don't cops EVER use their blinkers? Above the law? don't worry i'm not leaving you quite yet! I hope none of Rick Santorum's kids are girls. So is he against protecting them from HPV or against being forced to opt out? how about thurs? I can't Wednesday. Where to? anyway... I ate a hamburger today. There. I know it will be great. Those other shows have nothing on u. Peace! Sounds like your meeting is an, um, enlightening one. Remember when Senate Republicans cared about student loans and keeping college affordable? Yah, me either. help us get 700 followers? I have no doubt he is that ignorant. Can't reason with a guy like that so quick "go f off" type of response gets blown out of prop. fixing bigmala.com and started making the quests for expressiaann.com and fixed the about pages . Ours is a generation who loves quotable quotes, and that is what the local broadcast team provides. Oh WOW. Exam tomorrow, debate/speech tomorrow... Have a done anything to prepare for this? Nope! Having second thoughts about Scona :/ your writers must really be bored with the lockout! I Text Her Back And Tell Her 'Its Life' Apparently you're not allowed to 'eat' in Vegas. meh Had a great time fishing!! no buh she told me to come to the store with her nd when i got in thetruck it fell in the door nd snapped Nice shot! That was a FIGHT!! Ha, someone did in the last 3 minutes! would bring it to 666 now. Perfect! : ) Why is so damn perfect <U+0001F60D><U+0001F60D> Bustin' out Timebomb this am in WeHo and makes me think of and miss Hey thank you for follwoing me! :) yea you must not cuz they are the bomb Thanks for the RT! It's good, Mr. Ross! It means that I think you know what you're talking about when it comes to sports...and you certainly do, sir! being sick sucks! D: Tell Josh To Get To Bed Rose may be the #Bulls MVP and heart but Joakim Noah is their energy. It's going to be a rough game without both. Sometimes I forget that I'm not a princess and everything I say and do isn't right... Welcome to Stump Holler, my friend. Vegas. Nice! Work or play? I love this dark and stormy weather!!! "There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting." - John Kenneth Galbraith see, and I thought you were saying you missed me :( #childhoodmemories When being mean to a girl meant you liked them, now it just means you're being a douche Every night I DJ there is R&B night. Normally i'm there friday & saturday every week. At Sunset this saturday tough!! don't be ashamed of who you are ever. You are one of the coolest people I've met! I don't know anything about media that is social... true , im bored yo Love me , <U+2665> like you love her . lol it looked like Charles Manson brought his family up there. I sed"im doin a project in history" hewas serious then I got to the "I was just wonderin did ceasar live hur" prt he laughed Now I'm no psychic but I see delicious tacos Im your future. Well If you come to metro center that is. We're on the corner of g and 12th That's right However, very jealous of all the awesome to come at #marac11 -- will live vicariously through tweets. that's what's up! HAHAHA I feel like thats how I signed up my friend to twitter shout out to you guys! Thanks for the support! i miss you IS IT REALLY SO STRANGE? by William E. Jones at Anthology Film Archives tonight! Gaze at the fanatical fans of The Smiths and Morrissey you know he comes up big when its time to finish Rooting for my favorite films: The Descendants, The Artist and Midnight in Paris. Hope they win. Something. folow me please I'm very optimistic. Growing up me, my bro & Sis were all geminis, so I always had to share my parties with them, now I throw them for y'all! ur mother is starting to grow her greys in her fur smhh I'm sad but I will try my best to look ssssssiiiccckkeeenningg! Had fun in s.a shun the nonbeliever SHHHUUUNNNNN For sure! It'll be fun :) Granite is very resistant to scratching and etching making it a great choice for flooring and countertops. RT : have tickets tomorrow am RT : ONE DIRECTION I am who i am, dont judge me(; sadly lol for a minute there I felt like Justin Bieber too bad! That is def the future! I'm going to send some your way...i don't think I have you a parting gift ne ways lol Thanks Beenie! He should be fine with the antibiotics! OKAY sounds good! Then Bring it to school...so I can get that on a flash drive! LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Invest...Everything In Maintaining & Protecting Anything You Love." Carl Jung, via Manfred Kets de Vries: "The least of things with meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it" Tweet about you everyday, but never does a tweet come my way, A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela Amare SUCKS! Injury or no injury the man has horrible hands and cannot pass for shit Don't get me wrong, UW is the best school ever, but sometimes I wish I went to a southern school... Little does , he and I are going to have our very own Madonnathon. “Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.” <U+2015> Glenn Beck Osama Bin Laden is dead My anxiety was way too bad last night... yeah definitely try. i woke up and saw that the 11th was sold out, burst into tears and my mom got my ticket lol. He's still "in action" to me! He's just got a different job 2nite to do! #GoPreds :) everybody has a band Almost got wet by boo! yeah that's not a good idea, it wasn't today /: ill tell you after Thanks for the DM. Check out our website for Actor Headshots or PostCards www.HeadshotRepros.com or call w/questions 212-997-1800 Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right? I think you need to meet re: No... I'm not the only one who sells Hearfones; but I do free shipping so cheaper than on their website Travelling a bit so let me know. Orlando and Madison next week, Boston in a few and probably back to germany before long Memorial leaves the bases loaded but they still lead 2-0 over Cy Woods bottom 6th. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF MY MAIN NIGGAHS TWEET ME #PrayForDylansFamily AND ILL RT IT! TREND IT GUYS! #rememberwhen u could drop out of high school for a good paying job Good Luck! RT : 1st day huge thanks 2 friends who helped me find a new gig. ALL EYES ON THE WEATHER. Your outlook on life is a direct reflection of how much you like yourself. - manifesto awesome! thanks! #hikeky2012 Day 2: Kentucky River Road Trail > Palisades Trail. think of the happiest things, it's the same as having wings. FASHION TIPS - A. Lister Interior Design Profile: Ricardo Poupada Which colors will have women swooning at your apartment? Check out now available @ Barley and Hops in Glenwood. I learned real quick not to do that. It isnt worth losing what and who you love :) RT " I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours #losing" Damn I mean what can I say scorpios are just sexual beings RT : Week 1 of is a wrap. I’ve never been surrounded by so many smart people who truly want to see my startup succeed.... I really want to do a cross country hackathon in an RV. Start in Seattle and present the project in New York when you get there. Photographing new born baby today! So excited and have so many ideas! Stay tuned for sneak peak latter on today! walking around supermarket* *Lost mom* ACT COOL, ACT COOL! Too busy to tweet but blessed to be so. Metro Piece Of Shit Can Needs To Upgrade >_< Mmn, downside of automated blog post pumping into twitter is my crapily misspelled titles are immortalized on the web b4 I have a chance! At the cell phone store. Literally 20 people waiting. Person being helped doesn't need a smart phone b/c they are very dumb. 45 minutes... I cant stop snackin on stuff....got the kitchen on lock..... lol today is a good day :) I wanna be the only one, for miles and miles, except for maybe you and your simple smile. (; Gosse: We should move away from our conservatism as a discipline - follow where the oral history takes you. Biking over the Williamsburg Bridge makes me feel like I own this city I loved Bird by Bird! Awesome read. Thanks for the reminder. Isn't this story amazing? my KSUDigMe class listened to his story on This American Life. Didn't know about the retraction mentioned in this story. merger was approved! Thank you to for fighting for dancers rights. my bad, y'all. keep on truckin'. love, c I'm on....thanks to my daughters little pink radio. What a win!! Is it my reception or does Dwyer have an accent? Back from professional development. Reinvigorated. need coffee You! Out of the Gene Pool! yep 100% dedication I think I participated in happy hour every day! RT Last day of Starbucks happy hour... It' a sad sad day indeed. I could see tebow in new England and getting converted to RB or used the way Minn uses Harvin Esp. people from high school. RT : I get kind of embarrassed for people when I see the articles Facebook says they've been reading. _ social media networking has been a great way to meet vendors too! eLearning stock graphics are perfect for building eLearning simulations and presentations. #elearning #stockgraphics #simulations,... I MUST BE PRETTY CRAZY HUH Good Morning! ^___^ hey thanks for following us check us out at jenfek.com....how is wisconsin this time of the year? hell yeah!! Good Job!:] RT : thanks so much for the shout out on the site!!! okay I'm officially amazed. Kids these days are so smart. good seeing ya! how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket??? 430 REAL goons deep on IG! If you are a big man take notes on how well Matt Howard boxes out, crashes the boards. they were great! Can I come on the next show??? I MISS YOU GUYS. I'm alone in the house & I'm just screaming fangirling!! So excited!!<33 The Maxwell concert in ATL cannot come soon enough. Haha you did so much better daughter. Obviously learned from the best ;) is excited to speak about data-driven solutions in financial education for Higher Ed at annual APSCU Get me a Moosejaw Tee and I'll take it to Mt. Everest base camp. Leaving in 10 days. Will take photo for you,too Researching XML handling in AS3. Any suggestions of where to start? podcast, RSS feed, image gallery...? After church hopping in Da whip Blasting #116 from #TheGoodLife produced by my homie ! Lee, Paul, or DeMint RT : Who is the Senator who is doing the most for the United States currently? Nominations open dude no kidding. Way too many. Lots of Ducks and Beaver fans in the SE too. I would have thought more UW and WSU fans “: #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend who doesn't have a girlfriend” what i dont understand is how shes not dead..or at least sick looking Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what. Sometimes we are so afraid of love that we marry fear. When love comes we can't divorce fear so we're stuck...don't miss out on love... The Donald Judd exhibit in the White Box will open to the public Tuesday. Or get a sneak peek by attending the JuddConference.com on Sunday. And thanks for giving ME joy doing it! You guys were incredible “: 's creation.... salt and vinegar chips dipped in hot sauce/ranch. #donthateit” 3 great things. Couldnt be bad starters down the stretch. Not only would I'd be raking up frequent flyer miles but miles on the Acela too :) Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet We will be there 11-2 tomorrow. Sorry we missed you today! thank you baby ;) Psyched to actually get to Deruta, instead of just the Prada outlet, as we did on Monday. Though a pit stop there isn't out of the question. In line for my road test Feeling like today might be a great Day! She's a material girl ~ she's everything I need <U+0001F49C> ATTENTION ALL HOG FANS: & Westboro Baptist plan on protesting the funeral of Uekman. thanks for the why the hell are you up at this time? look forward 2 it!! you may have to ge a few bottles of wine for after words tho.. and not to celebrate ;) great food! Thanks!!! if you asked me to point on my body to see where my waist was, I wouldn't be able to tell you cuz I don't have one lol. Who do you keep thinking you want to network with? Spark up a conversation! Couldn't say I didn't warn you now look what happend. anyone know when next concert will be?x i def wanna be part of the slide show :) *She thinks I can't go twice in one day. *My treadmill If this spring weather is getting you excited for Browns baseball, "like" this post Neither, this AM. More concerned with deep pockets dictating promot.content/cheerleading ": oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow" cuz Wednesday seems to be the new datenight for u. Good news: You're in the club! Bad news: It's not very exclusive. All critical journalists are barred. When all else fails try God! He never fail. The Nikki minage Pepsi commercial is about as bad as the blubbering women Verizon commercial. "Mrs. Mayo's face is a weak mask wearing a helpless, expression of being constantly on the verge of comfortless tears."- BEYOND THE HORIZON $2 drinks tonight! Dj Ajax and $2 drinks!!!! Left you a vmail. need to talk immediately. Touring where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer hunted his victims? The "historic tour" starts soon. What do you think? Deeply comp and cont. numbrs. invaluable -not just <, >, =. - much like wordstudy. Everywhere you go, go with your heart. From responses to my last tweet, it appears no one reads the intro text before a list. That should save writers some time. Oh goodie, so instead of ignoring their regular season and playoffs I can now proceed to ignore their labor talks. Hahaha RT : hahaha outchea looking like a cluck from the low end It's a rare evening when the New Jersey Nets are the biggest story in sports. Crossing my fingers for you. I hope you're not in a driving town. Got heat in the eye with bottle on the bus -__- I love how easily I tan(; “You and I both know I’m a phenomenal dancer!”- Author Unknown aw shucks, I'm blushing ;) <33 Listening to the packed game on Sirius is not the same as watching it. Need. To. Get. Home. country music is good. peopple hate it but it all has the same meaning. I personally love it Let me just vomit real quick. >_> Us please!<3 Good luck!!! I tried to visit your website on two different browsers but couldn't get it to load. I love you baby. Maybe for dinner?? Is Josh working tonight? What's tonight's special? I feel I can't do that lol my co-workers follow me good luck this saturday in the truck race i will keep my eyes on you :) Dreamt I had that new amp.... It was so awesome x) I will stop a story after the first chapter, and sometimes after the first few paragraphs if the writing or plot is bad. lmao!! So true WHEN LILBOOSIE CUMING OUT WIT A NEW MIXTAPE LIKE WEE NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM FUCK THA POLICE BITCH TAKE MEH TUH All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure. I suppose I should be baking a cake then too...hahaha. When are you in NYC? Will buy you coffee, tea, or cheap comestibles of any ethnic persuasion. Gearing up for the 2011 AAEP convention in San Antonio, TX. Stop by booth 12016 and see us this weekend! Why do you have to justify it? Postcards are awesome and Tomer should understand this. yeah...but mostly I just stare at it and ask questions, like "how often do you wax it?" Short on cash for college? Here is a 75% off promo code for the first 50 Fall campaign registrations - FALL75. Follow the 2012 Leading Edge event tomorrow as we tweet live. Lada Adamic - right -what can we do with networks beyond just explore and visualize - pretty pictures - what's the meaning “: So heres a "shot" 4being honest-»RT I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!! I love it!!!! Legoooooo!!!”>>yessir I think its more so to see if you're doing something criminally. Like maxing out card after card. That's what the lady said. had his life saved tonight by Amalia Larson. He would like to think he did the same but it's simply not true. One of these days though... Damn damn damn m, delicious! What a good weekend with (: Republicans abandon 11th-hour Vikings stadium plan, schedule vote on prior ... - Duluth News Tribune Money money an mo MONEY That looks much more awkward than it is #NoManShouldEver CHEAT on his WIFE....that's the point of gettin married. Hey our fav followers informed us There's going to be a #MKETweetup next week: is.gd/XIPVIM #exciting! I was gonna text you again.. but obviously im right lmfao. yes. The metal bar of something passed to him swung down and #BAMM, squared me off above my eye. It was bleeding so bad. The show, Boss is totally boss hey mandy! long time no talk how ya doin I think draw something is my new favorite app ever!!!! Even though my mind is still healing, my heart is always ready to give love another try. Trusting God's timing is not always easy How do you keep doing this? If there is one thing I don't like in a guy that's when they drink . That shit isn't cute I'm mad too! Wait, why are we mad? June:) & yeah I think I know where I'm going, but planning to transfer to Cali:) Thinking about it, they remind me of 'Big Country' if you're old enough to remember them :-) that defeats the purpose! I'd still have to freeze to get there!! So EXCITED we won. Can't wait to see these highlights! What a great day! I'll be at TD for Game 2. Repierced my nose, oh i missed it (: THATS RIGHT! You can become a great friend of mine with just 3 small payments of $10.95! thanks girl! I am entering the working world today! So excited for what is to come! Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 0 Definition of art according to someone's attention for as long as you want it. I like that. Omg just spilled moisturiser all over the carpet I might pay my bill and change my number instead. I'm about 12 days behind on email (and everything else). The insanity of catch up starts tomorrow. Sorry for the delay, world. I'm on it. Thank you TT for putting me in Texas Weekly "hot list" wink wink. U can B My Friend Julian - you hot too. Sometimes its nice to stay home on a friday night&lay in a comfy bed&watch movies!Especially Friday,How High,Blow..u kno oldies but goodies get your shit together carol! Seriously RT Ugh. The last 40 miles is always the longest. Looks great, whoever owns that company I am sure is very happy. A lil #happyhour never hurt nobody, Patron margarita anyone? You're welcome. Hugs from afar. Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet! Who else goes on this account? I am a person of ACTION. I will seize the moment and I CHOOSE NOW. 2BR/1BA Duplex in Grant Park area. $800/mth $400 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet) RT Signal your interest and offer to help! Back on set. Pick ups, late nights. Good times. thanks, Greg! lmao we hate the same bitches! I miss you!! I will be back for another visit at end of month. I need Twitter 101! See you soon... Something like that lol Oh so Awesome idea - use for in-person registrations at events! WOW - Deal with the same bs from mine. Like more than 5 hours at a time w his daughter is asking too much..ug. #digconf12 Don Katz of Audible & Amazon: "Publishers are spending a llittle too much time at lunch." Katz & DOJ agree, evidently. Hawks are about to get to the semi finals easily “: Aye Y'all Heat Fans Got This But Melo Go Snap After This Game Watch!”Melo can't win by hisself that's love this tweet will get 1000% more retweets than ones that didn't involve abortion ugh ima watch this movie bbl Don't follow me because you want a follow back. Follow me because you actually want to. That awkward moment someone looks at your phone seeing all your conceded pictures of yourself... has a few exciting opportunites in LA, CA! Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industrial, environmental, or … new season started and my TV was not working. Any Jazz singers on the show this time? I don't wanna do placement tomorrow. Why you so darn ATTRACTIVE!?<3. little cutey C: Home sweet home. Priceless. :) Lil twist deleted his twitter :( i had to do 5 but I only did 4. I didn't get the funny part Apple officially has more cash than the US treasury. Who is biking to work today? My friend has two tickets to avicii that he needs to sell for Thursday. $60 tickets sell for $110/ pair. If you want them DM me!! she dyed the bottom blue & purple i dont have a phone Cute!! That's 's daughter, right? @ the crib And yet he still did some doors. Thank you. :) If we could see through to the heart of anyone in the world, we would love them.-Marianne Williamson Alec Baldwin is hot again. Like, for real hot. I think law school has taught me nothing better than the fine art of procrastination. #can'tfocus Thanks babe, it was glorious. And now I am wiped! “The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high… no i'm serious i'm having withdrawals best food to take on tour? Jobs r created by sales, yet most salesppl I know don't speak in trms of job creation. Cld that be new motivation? Looking for a list of (other) German-speaking lawyers in North Carolina Can't shake this excited-nervous feeling. This could go on for weeks... oh dear! interesting. Thanks for sharing. Heya, thanks for the follow! Keep in touch xo Wow. You sure have some abs there. ya bitch getting an iphone tomorrow ! finally Hank williams Jr.we knew!!!!! now the rest of you know!!!!!! He'll want the car keys tomorrow. #wheniwaslittle i used to lock my friend outside with my big dog she was afraid of with and look through the window and laugh! Thanks for the follow. Now I've met a pro poker ply and a diamond cutter. Such diversity. Its going down on #BasketBallWives Jen had Evelyn's blood boiling m! Love their crinkle-cut fries! These ignorant teabaggers just don't understand! In order to reach prosperity, we MUST RAISE TAXES and spread the wealth around!!! El Paso Tx July 24th lets do this gonna be an awesome night and a great show I can't wait #SometimesItsEasier to just take a breathe. Sometimes. i got yo money nigga. ion preciate you sending yo friends to shoot at me and my homeboy. Pleasure was all mine homie! Chy but everybody calls me Honey happy birthday bud. Have a couple wings on me. "The only easy day was yesterday..." Africa stand up. Headed to Evashia Mwikhali's "Nimchoka" so pumped right now. Jenny is so nice to tell u about me. Thank u for ur nice words. :) COSTANZA - Seinfeld Star Jason Alexander will be at the B'nai Israel Congregation in Maryland tonight at 8pm haha Thank!s! I had nothing better to do when I was stuck on the couch so I took pictures of myself! Jammin' for Japan is tomorrow! 4pm at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA. (: bangarang Peter pan! Man that's what I've been saying! RT : Ugly chicks be winning on the low. Re-Fill tonight! it is a show that's completely unpredictable, complex, & entertaining. Ladies text me or message me if you want to hangout or go see a movie.... 304-612-2469 #Patriots fans, who do you think will come into Foxborough next week? The #Texans or #Ravens? Exercise to enhance your quality of life, rather than to achieve an arbitrary goal. gurl, you got this! #stayclassy tell them you want $20 an hour ;) ahahaha If I took you home, it'd be a home run. same here! Same here. RT : Pets in workplace creates more creative environment, lowers absenteeism, can lead to employees who work longer hours. So Nicki has her twitter back??? Lol Hello, world! Almost made it through a year of the without Twitter, but with the upcoming Prism launch, I couldn't resist. I love the smell of tanning lotion. It's reminds me of Summer. :) Show starts in 1 hour! P.S. The Grove also has AWESOME food... =) : I mention it now cuz it'll sell out I imagine. Also meeting w/some peeps I've been doing midnight nerd movies w/for years! isn't a glitter eyeliner every night? why not?, It should be funny my analysis is much the same; a good desktop board gets you forward compatibility, Sandy Hexa is where it's at. #EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont give you your money back. Unless I have not done any work. I get half upfront for freelance work and is non-refundable Mother's Day wine label designs: www.giftedvine.com I'm sick of motherfuckers trying to tell me that they're down with Prince. Good night everyone!!!! Well, the duck tongue was very spicy, peppery, not meaty but very chewy like undercooked squid or octopus. Lots of exotic food! Just got my #orioles #openingday tickets! The only fun day of Baltimore baseball. We work hard, we play hard Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either You're welcome! And thank you for being such an AMAZING audience!! xoxox Happy Tuesday! How's everyone's #springbreak going? I know I'm enjoying mine!! :) If you want respect, you gotta respect others, too! Respect is not a one-way street. so gr8 2 c u! RT Enjoyed seeing the beautiful ladies event Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. stay! tweet! I'm living vicariously through you :o) can't promise yet but fingers crossed :) Does Windward also dabble in micrographics? Would love to hear more about what you do! I feel like I'm gonna be dead tomorrrooowwww Carving a strap, roses end to end. Wondering why I underpriced it so much. No profit. Still tons of fun! And it's going to be gorgeous. i'll be home on Saturday!! I can't wait to move out and away from my family I know I already married my favorite Jewish guy but dang Things you never want to hear. "He's passed out, hurry up get the lube. wasn't even towards you lol.. Congrats! I'd love to hear your talk at the upcoming AHA conference. Stanton with the walk off grand slam!!!!!!! :-) ....busy with business...as always! Hey there thanks for the follow. I watched the Study trailer, looking good. Curious, what'd you shoot Study with? For a second, I thought Boehner was Ron Swanson from Parks & Rec. #FF Thanks for following me this week, I look forward to talking with you. Injuries 2 the HEAT? Uh oh GOD got a plan 4 I think the SPURS gon have injuries 2 I wonder if GOD told 2 go 2 OKC?? We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music! Holy absolute FUDGE! (only I didn't say fudge)!! love it. Out to dinner with the fam :* Come on by! Ice cream dlu ah. Apparently I'm too optimistic when it comes to companies and the world When this is over they are all going to fly home to Planet Gridiron where they will feed on the broken dreams of Patriots fans #avenge #avenges #avenged #have avenged #was avenging #shall avenge welcome back! im bout to slam one of this kids We work from home. We put a sign out saying, "Don't disturb us" (for door-2-door evangelists, kids selling candy, etc.). Rude? Too bad. A 3am walk through the park, long convo and catch up... Nice night... Glad hes back around but now... everythings #fuckedup :/ Ballroom dance recital for Miss Megan! next stop...Dancing w the Stars! I bring celebrities together! Sounded really good, actually! Mooring Moore in Bryn Mawr, or something similar... Hi, Mark! Thanks for following me! Discovered an unopened box of Girl Scout thin mints. Oh happy day! bill blass jeans Ah,if only the gentlemen of Atlanta knew that was the key to your heart! it's easy to feel like we deserve what we have or what we do..truth is, life is not even close to in our control and all it takes is one Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!! We hope to see you there. Plz rt Do not tell me that Lindzi's Dad's name is really Harry Cox!?!!? #bachelor Isn't that a deal breaker? I love yoou<3 will yoou pretty please follow me or reply?;D I love yo ass like Milhouse love Lisa ..what they suffered & sacrificed for the difficult dream of public accommodations. Our fight will follow similar setbacks. Super busy. Just finding out. RT : 3...2...1... until catches news of antawn Jamison skipping the exit interviews. just went to a great underground co-op in Mount Pleasant where they were playing the full I have a DREAM speech on the radio i feel like i havnt tawked to my cousin in decades :(( Lord protect me from my friends, I can take care of my enemies..! John Mattock is smoking... as he heads out to a 33,000 sq ft commercial site. HVAC caught fire, smoked out the building. Go PDRR Man! Quit Tweeting!!! NATE did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November? oh nice! Live right? Just booked a trip to NJ for the weekend. I love surprise last minute trips! you got it man! And thank YOU for checking us out! Good morning, Anita! How are you doing today? Gym time Can Monday come any sooner? Thanks for entering our #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! So, what'd you have to eat ??? make my life. Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies. Freak show>everything else. sick. look forward to it If you have to scream, yell or nag you already lost your authority-youre a sinking ship Watching Glee Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman? Damn! CASTING CALL Brad + Rocky in "The Rocky Horror Show". Open calls this Sat, 9/10 10AM-12PM in Fort Lauderdale. Call 954-530-1879 to sign up. I drank so much last night. I could barely walk. I could surf porn ok, but little more than that. Still struggling with the after-effects. We should treat absolutely everything as a political story. That's what disaffected voters are looking for. I need some pho in my life right meow. I just want to burn and play xbox. never underestimate the power of the silent treatment. baby what you talking about thank you so much! Still relaxing in it said the video could not be loaded hahaha I love Jordan :) There are some scumbags out there... fo sho I was rooting for Jeff & Jordan until Jeff evicted Danielle, now I am glad Jeff was the next to be evicted I know right?!! Prob why that came from THAT account. lol #youngsluts are all used up by 20. can u see my bra:4 And mashed potatoes...meaning I'm cooking, listening to MJ and, the food tastes good...Not that I literally put my foot in the food. League of legends...but its becoming starcraft RT : RT : You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice. LOL! from , "Be platform agnostic." not happening lol I hate homework. Love you, your politics and your taste in music...bliss! Heading out of town? Answer: Birds sing and the air smells sweet. Question: What happens after it rains?!!! I had forgotten :( I have a new show idea that will change the way magicians look at magic and our wold. My newest show will be more than a magic show! I need… peace everybody have a great day u to Big_ju42 That awkward moment when u say good night and can't stop tweeting My life is so completely a country and western song. #justwishitwasmorelikefaithhill's Just when you think Adobe can't sink to new lows you have to collaborate over Connect. At least it is better than MS Lync The Things You Act Like You To Good For And Won't Do..Somebody Else Will ! Good morning and welcome to our newest followers and Glad to have you with us! All of my co-workers were playing Draw Something at the same time. I thought it was lame. Sudipta these would be addressed in your personal essays. I thought we were doing family dinn? I feel bad for my followers right now I won 2nd place in the miss red and black pageant i am your 2012 Miss Black Monday crawls. But you gotta get to it with a fresh brew and a nice outlook on the future. Anyone else feel the same? You, too. TGIF, ftw. Do a Ustream please?! (: we are excited to follow our students and alumni. We're proud to follow you. has amazing stuff for last minute gifts!! Nope! RT : Apple as a brand turns me off so much I'm willing to pay more just to have anything but their product. Am I alone? MT : Oh TripAdvisor. "The hotel itself was amazing but it rained all week and our holiday was ruined - 1 star." nope, was at home on my couch:) where the buck are you? ;o I'm bored lolol Shandy - a beer mixed with citrus-flavored soda, carbonated lemonade, ginger beer, ginger ale, or cider. for me yeahh N yo own race will dog you out quicker then anyone else will. #NERCOMP12 University of New Hampshire speaking at 2:45 in room 552 about IT Resource Allocation before and after implementing TeamDynamixHE Presbyterian west side hospital opening today! Come see us for free chair massage with number 47. We are so excited to be part of this event In the D with listening to soundcheck bout time to rock Looks Yummy<3 My Dad says the craziest things I swear ! hi brian sent u a direct message my friend! theres nothing wrong with taylor swift hahaha i just went to see her If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday. Early bird rate for SMILEcon in Dallas ends Sept 10th. www.theSMILEConference.com Never apologize for being positive! Fingers crossed and good vibes being sent your way! Too early to tell w/o seeing whole plan. But can I call Rams the LA frontrunners now that I'm a columnist? Guess I just did. A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring.. And masturbation. o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur dress, im mad im asking all these questions lol If you want a new entertainment and sports complex in Sacramento RT this! my favorite note of the weekend. Miss u guys. we have a jealous #lawlorff over here because of Sophia. may have a tiny crush on you.. ahaha :) Got it :) : An asskisser with no point of view #PeoplePleaser lol My nephew visited me last week, I had a blast with him..Miss him!! Its good to have kids around!!! It brings out the child in you! I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON! Haha i still have 3 more years! i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims. Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" album. #np "You Know I'm No Good" It's my mom's birthday today. She is the best. :) Late to the party on this Black Dice album, but... DAMN Pius XI is entering the Woodland in 2012-13 for all sports. Muskego takes Pius XI's spot in the Classic Eight. working, working and sometimes playing! how about you? My hair at night>>>>> Awwhh why nott??? :c && please follow me i always ask you but you never do :( Thanks for the mention Pablo. Have a great day! heey! iM the shoulder(: Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt?? “It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real. #AmericanIdol All singers did good.But Jessica Sanchez need 2 find the rt songs to make her even better. Overall Joshua & Hollie were great. I deserve to splurge. No white trash coffee from Stinker this morning. I'm going through the Starbucks drive thru. Any new music or videos??? if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while Nice neon bar graph from Wisconsin hadn't had a transfer since 2006 either, so ... Could happen anywhere and you wouldn't know. There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. yes! Will do! Going to bed hungry is impossible unless I have to wear a swim suit in the morning. #oatmeal at Im very hungry, come feed me somethin' that i could choke on. muh. I knew we were friends for a reason :') RT bottleneck is a flawed model of #healthit #privacy & #data the patient is the bottle neck? OH REALLY Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film At the coffee shop, ostensibly working on a new blog post! Soon to follow, stay tuned! Fashion Lounge Party, in October! The line up is amazing! RT : About to teach a webinar for : "9 Ways to Build Your Professional Network for Career Advancem't & Social... #WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana. -.- So glad im not going to a walgreens like a lot of guys today. lot of CJ debate.Good stuff. Think all Ranger fans can agree on 1 thing. he needs to get shelled tonight. Go Rangers! Happy weekend to you as well. Hope you had a nice one! #evernotice when you start arguing the shit you never cared for seems to become a big problem? I don't blame them. I was stuck in purgatory, after all. “: "Wait, is it Wednesday? No, it's Tuesday. Damn, I was really excited for bagel club"-Gaby #jewkidproblems” I wish there was a ham trolley in addition to the bacon trolley Across the street from my office is a huge "harry potter" store. 3000 square feet of just harry potter.. kinda weirded out .. golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love. Va gov signs bills requiring local school boards to adopt/implement policies for epinephrine in public schools. I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying .. I can never be satisfied with anyone .. blockhead enough to have me. whats the best way to cook pork kidney? "big data" is one stupid neologism. Can we stop selling blog adverts with it? I will be tonight for #foodtrucks and #HEAT! You guys should all head out there! 850 NW LeJuene rd only one NBA game on today the withdrawals are starting to set in dont worry I am ok now Obama says he personally supports same-sex marriage. Does this make him more or less electable in November? Thoughts? every family that ever came during the 10 wk library series of sing/dancing mother goose style came 2 today's party. rainy as usual and FUN soo the pirate game today,HELL YEAHH. The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing! haha oh! I like it to I have a "thing" for 5ft women True! Organizational support/assistance is vital. And gaining the support can be another challenge entirely As a writer, if you get the small details write, readers will "trust" you on bigger fictions. But mess up the small stuff... Send me the ingredients. Imma have to make that. Do you put it in the blender? Kwame Brown gets a $7mm contract for one year....that's stealing. Get a clue NBA or your product will be forever damaged. Eyes are bad so i will be off for a few days. keep info about my book on the other posts #blooddrainbook #vampire thanks new book out now Have you been to the conference before? It is great! Had to miss school today becuz i got a job interview at hooters hotel casino. whoever goes, take pictures. I'm fascinated already. nope... hint: I know karate and love helping people School in a few :/ Lunch break! Finally! Hey Avril how are u? “Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.” Robert Collier you better :) Day 1 of Sobertober. Circumvented a caffeine headache by taking 3 ibuprofens. So far, so good.... Ballroom lessons start tonight! Sonic breakfast burrito... Surprisingly good. Phone's autocorrect... Sucks beyond belief. Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella... 5 year old at the shop today really wanted to know why the water cooler releases a big air bubble Jesse Morgan has averaged 9.8 ppg but against teams from Philly, his hometown, he's averaged 14 ppg in six games including today. "We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment" -ALA President Roberta Stevens. Black people freaking out behind us in the suspense movie >>> I fully Agree. The Party of NO Obstructed EVERYTHING so they could blame the President for failure but WE KNOW it's THEIR fault!! then tell your dad to buy them....secretly (; Really Red Sox?!?! What are you doing? This is what I call an inning malfunction! Every player sh-- the bed. Every damn one! if you are lucky enough to have today off in honor of our presidents, learn a little about the first prez and the jews! from... I do not think that the bishop would believe that is on the plus side Getting a haircut. I'm going to have to do my best to help you jog that memory, Paulie. Harry Thomas Jr. is being re-sworn in as Councilmember for Ward 5 I am live in 5 mins with new info on shots fired near 94 and Mass. Ave in Lemon Grove. No suspects, no one injured as of now. Wanna Work wit I fucks wit his Movement WE NEED TO GET HARRY FIRED JUST AS WE GOT POLOSI FIRED... That is adorable! So happy to meet Twitter friends in person. What's your first postpartum beer of choice? : Got questions? Ask anything! #aska9monthspregnantviolinist" Would love to hear...what is the best auction item you've seen at charity event? Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved Why is a film that has a lot of things in common with PIRANHA (hard R exploitation flick), why is it PG13? hahah your ready to kick some major ass right now! now what about "i went to the hospital" or "lionkiller" ? literalism in music is a trip, next time i'm under a hedge ill hum that Had a delicious Chef Celebration dinner at Delicia's. AMAZING food all for a great cause! getting ready for 78 degrees in buffalo again yeah buddy!! Ted Nugent Concert Canceled: Anti-Obama Comments Lead To End Of Rockstar&#39;s Appearance and any need for prayer at all please tweet it to me! I will be glad to pray for you! :) Amazing dreads Dre amazing gold watch and amazing red sweater #overallamazing!! I need a bow and arrow. I'm serious. And don't ask any f#%king questions. WTF Eastbound? I was promised an Ewok village!! Friday night #knicks playoff push leggo im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 7 yes. date night? I hate watching movies where the video and audio aren't synched >.< it's faded, so now it back blonde. Does a tweet suffice for a happy birthday to from her brother? it's ok I won't judge you based on your slippers lmao Uggghhh...school in the morning Sigh. Everyone is ignoring me. But, its good. Show choir concert tonight. get to see some really awesome people. :) We still on? For them to put music back on. RT Amazing MTV Pilot #Casting Now! What are you waiting for? Can't wait for vacation I Cried When I realized my grandma has more of a social life than I do AVX Delivers World&#39;s First Validated Conflict-Free Tantalum Capacitors MAKE SURE TO CATCH ME FOR ANOTHER CRAZY NIGHT @ RELIC LOUNGE TOMORROW NIGHT... Do u just sit on twitter all day long? Seriously you replied in less than 15 seconds.. cus u play too much! Whatever we focus on expands. Direct your attention to the things you love about your partner. Magnify the good in them. ~mariageminded~ Next up for the Supremes-- rehearing the Lochner line of cases? To all my Clevelanders the pacers took care of the bitch Lebron tonight!!! We got yalls back is one of the best tracks to watch u all race. It is exciting & adrenaline packed. "the initiative"? Does this guy work for Dharma? wow that is literally the second time in the span of 3 minutes i have randomly come across a Buckminster Fuller reference. I know there's a gazpacho to salsa continuum, but they're largely the same. And it may be that I'm eating salsa with a spoon for lunch. Kurt Vonnegut or for sure! what time do I need to listen?! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:) Oh yeah, I'm rarely creeped out by horror movies but I was thinking about this movie for days. Let me know what you think! Happy birthday !! Can't wait for this weekend!! idk what to think about you... I think AC Slater had a picture of either Sting or Hulk Hogan in his locker. I dont like it when leaves. Neither does “: Texting a person in the same room as me, then staring at them until they get it o_0” SET FOLLOWS OFF to stop. sorry to spam you but just trying to help make ' dream come true! Plz help! :D How romantic!? It's an interesting view -- but PPC can act be a quick band-aid for traffic on newly developed sites. is going around telling people that you're really 46 Today's healthy snack of choice: almonds coated with smoked salt. I may never eat anything else ever again. For some reason blocks me from following. W/my parents in Florida, it'd be nice to get storm & outage updates for them. congrats on winning the truman and udall! “: I Cant Lie...I Thought We Was In Trouble Or Something Twist ! lmaooo #TeamTwistStillOnTop” !!!!!!!!!! Remember when MTV was cool and actually play MUSIC VIDEOS and had TRL.....I miss that... Concrete bunghole where dreams are made up. There's nothing you can do. Now you're in ; off to springfield for my lil sisters birthday (: then goinn' to the mall (: Pabst can pyramid party square third ward celebrating MIAD graduates and the community. FREE PABST to help build pyramid There is a special place in hell for a girl who steals my cab Dark Shadows. I saw it too! Not bad, Johnny Depp was clever! Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page Danny I hate you FWIW, I approve. Wed of next week? I hope to follow up last year's memorable visit working with a terrific team of student filmmakers there. If I wear only grayscale to work today, will my boss get the hint that I'm not happy they called me in? anyone else there? I don't want to be the one to spill the beans so you will have to just wait and see! The duo that is & are unstoppable. I'm so thankful for their involvement in my life & their ability to ask good Q's. Day 9. Wish lists v. to do lists + garlic scape pesto Are you joining forces with ? When can we see it? Huthwaite Reduces Cost Per Lead with HubSpot Maximize your interpersonal power through dress and increased confidence. Today, a homeless man came up to me and asked me for 68 cents, specifically. I gave him 75 cents and he offered me 7 cents in change. MLINY I had a good person tell me " just wait for the good things to happen." He was right, the lawyer called, on her dime & gave perfect advice. If you could put any logo on your , what would you choose? ...whether to participate/pay into union coffers. Geese and ganders and all that. yeah, EVERYONE at school is talking about it, They anounced it this morning ! yea… no dice then. I can't imagine a life without How many hits does it take to get to a phillies win? #goodnight twitter RT That was sincere! hahaha I was worried bc the rain was horrible over here! gooski's!!! killer of sheep & easy action!!! lazy pricks!!! get out!!! : "how many fourths of a cup are in a cup? I havent baked in a while! No seriously! Are you really tweeting that?" I was supposed to stop smoking but I forgot lol It's a new year! Hell yeah! it was awesome Oh student government you make my life happy! Such a great team! :-D If you haven't already, please go "like" the facebook! We can make it to 1,000 with your help! <3 I think he could also but I like Headley and I hate Polanco Delaware kills the penalty. 2:50 left in the first, 2-0 Blue Hens Used to take the bus now the boi boards jets where is everyone now? RT : yeah bro, need some of your production for my compilation album i am recording with several artists. am I the only person in the house who is excited to get Rome on netflix? I think i am. Watching Invictus w She says, " this is like Tiger Basketball - It brings us all together!" Madonna needs to stop. It's going down infront of McDonald's... Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant. thats what everyone says ha I MISS XAVIER OMG :( F!!kLove It Dies Out I used to think drive through liqour stores were cool until I saw this 50% off coupon for booze shipped right to me! Hey thanks for letting us know!! You rock :) I see how it is Travis! Replying to everybody but me! I miss you and blah! So you know how long it's been since ive seen you?! Thought I was go absolutely die at the gym today wtf I'm sorry love :( I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp! We're opening at 11am! SW 9th and Alder. Good question. I guess I'll let you know when I find that out myself. Advice for the #CUA bros & biddies: Try writing a love letter next time. We hear they impress more than drunken stupors. He has great stage presence too. Love especially when he sings ballads and plays the piano like last night. Good morning good #tea people! Like rain, people come into our lives to keep us from being parched. Dey say stop chasing a look at who chasing you. Wat if you not attracted to em was the only one with something negative to say about it damn her!! Lust for Life text mee :D Happy Leap Day! How are you spending your extra day?? Argentina’s football league changed it’s name to Crucero General Belgrano 1st Div. after the ship that was sunk in 1982. FIFA is not happy. Speaking with law firms and clients in legal services about balancing margins and efficiency via Cloud-enablement -- I'll be home sometime around July 7 ... any chance we can do an Applebee's lunch around that date? us single ladies like knowing it's still possible! Tee hee :-) about the only thing that is the same as both were red. It's amazing how much technology has been adds in 13 years. Having a best friend night. Watching scary movies. u evil smh thats means i got wear my thick ass glasses smh Down to the wire #volunteers up 60-59. 46.1 sec left. Thank you Brad Segall, Autumn Marisa, and for joining #NAWBO this morning! We appreciate your time and expertise! I may have time in early May, so just shoot me an email when you're ready and we'll set up a time to talk :) Thanks, awesome day at epic! largest sunday yet! Don't miss 'ruin your lunch sunday' next week! Whenever Monday comes you can find me cryin' all the time. They're just playing around rt : wow I used to listen to the sports guru. Not anymore. So lame boys, super ignorant. So show the around the neighborhood! I'm all lost and shiz What are you planning for ThanksGiving? Just ran into a tree in Hollister I'm gonna her I wanna relationship & then I think of all the things that can go wrong and get scared to even try . what can I say I'm a bit of a nerd... hahha me too! Kentucky baby!!!! RT : Great performance last night at Jamnesty! Looking forward to seeing you guys at the Spring Party/Cultural Remix. 5 days of work straight. After all the excitement you brought to the bar I hope it was on the house! I own a three hole punch so I'm obviously fucking important. you're wrong As mothers day gets closer...it reminds me how much it hurts 2 miss her. Seein every1 mothers day shopping makes me wish I could be 1 of em yall heard . Let's get sumthin poppin my g's. got the banger wit us as well Richard Lugar helped end apartheid, supported Corazon Aquino in the Philippines, & wanted to contain nukes. Of course he lost a GOP primary goodnight to you! You are awesome Andre luck first overall pick <U+0001F631> shocker <U+0001F612> RT : A3: convincing local officials/funders that #MainStreet is necessary for job growth/creation. (3pt answer) Picked up a client in Oshkosh and drove him home to apartment on State St. There were lots of "KING" yard signs in neighborhoods up there. Big Dr. Who fan! How about you? my mudhoney shirt came in the mail today and it's too small :-( hey I live in TN, too The Senate Health Committee passed the #FamilyCare bill by a vote of 5-0 this afternoon, it's now on the Senate Cal. for Tuesday, Feb. 14. uf;dw did they get the name of the place right at least? Act like a lady, think like a man <U+0001F609> Shawty sent a twitpic said come and get this lol(: If big foot is real and these scientists claim it is why hasn't there been any solid evidence. Just a way to make money haha! I'm pretty bad about it. I just start thinking about something & zone out. UTD A&H Graduate Student Assoc. Spring social at Panera bread in one hour! No, we just got our deck printed by a company online. Most likely with a shady website that looks like it was made in the 90s. I think they still work collaboratively writing and making music. u didn't even say who it was... soo don't get pissed, Prolly next Sunday RT : when is it haha for sure love you Breaking Bad season 3, Big Love season 3, Sopranos season 2, Whisker Wars season 1. i only skimmed it bc i saw "Ryan Braun" & "HGH" in the first pgh... prob still trying to prove some point from last night... BUT I'm Sleepy ;o yeah demi is my favourite singer ever also avril and taylor The snow storm hitting the country right now may have shut down some Gov. offices but we're still open for biz & getting loans approved! Summer better hurry up.... Re-watching The Wonder Years from the beginning. Still holds up. Good Morning! Who's in the mood for some #Barbecue ! When people some they're "thirsty" Ew. Pick me up every season of SouthPark and I'll pay you Tuesday, I swear. (I would, actually, since I have no time to shop.) quote of the night from Kindra after a sip of king henry "I love the way it slides across my tongue and makes it way to my cheeks" Thanks for the FB! Happy to tweet with you! da best tweet.I seen n you so badd don't do it!!! I got pulled over for that last year!! I'm ready to get the suits I want a closet full. Why do dogs get so mad when you blow in their face but stick their head out of the window in the car? Barca aide Melanie Conklin reports that the police presence outside Assembly chambers just increased significantly. I love talking to on over the phone. It's one of the only places I can talk about how funny a prez #Obama is... when a memmory comes into your mind every time you hear a particular song >>> & call me maybe hahahaha (: I'm only happy when it snows im seriously the fattest person ever. on a brighter note... now interning for Mares Management!!! team fight at Cantwell, the entire team and coaching staff involved in a brawl. Playoff bound Cantwell in trouble. There is a reason why Ovie doesn't get ice time. He's makes terrible decsions on every shift. Horrible shots poor defense turnovers. RT : Thanks for coming to #ReadySetConnect & sharing your... Advise to runners: If you go from 80 to 0 miles a week instantly, lethargy ensues. Spend time loving and caring for all parts of you... lmao awe yeah you so famous boiiii. OMG MUST ¦F¦o¦l¦l¦o¦<U+03C9>¦ <U+25BA> and she will help you gain 1OO+ more followers within minutes! #HURRY and damn, 200lbs is only 85lbs away from where I'm at! :-/ THKs MUCH! Plz keep spreading the word. If you've read Christakis' & Fowler's Connected you'll believe we CAN reach Obama! i was thinking the same thing I Can Handle It (; If we were following you and r no longer @ us we will follow back. A majority of college students, I read somewhere, don't know how search engines work. It's more crucial than bibliog formatting these days. CAN I JUST SAY. That at least we lost to the team called "The THUNDER" instead of "The fat little NUGGETS". I'm ok w/ that. well the MkII was the best camera I ever owned up until my MkIII arrived. So far it's proven to be a worthy upgrade. Wow comrade! That is straight out of the Soviet Union circa 1955... Who could that "life" possibly appeal to? because they're awesome!!! It is Monday...7 more days until break!! REALLY need it. Thanks for the tip! We'll contact him bc we are looking for someone to DJ here Tuesday nights. Its $2 any drink night! Just hit the big 3-2 and they said the I wouldn't see 16. How you like those apples?! God is so good! nope not at all :) Didn't get drunk. Win or loss depending on your point of view. Didn't lose at beer pong though :) oh sweet. I'll be there next weekend in Houston! Let's hang! cause you'll be jealous that my gpa is higher than yours.. BTW I'm reading it for your challenge / Book with psychopath protagonist. #2PeopleThatBelongTogether .. Me and . I got mad love for you doll wow thanks-- add that to my list! its gone to be warm here in Dallas tomorrow highest 60f...yess!! i been blessed...bought a new truck....premium gas sucks lol.....high azz hell. Didnt kno it uses premium til after What just happened!!??? Lmao congrats to my cousin on her feature in fitness mag! i'll call the club to get extra security for saturday... we're looking into it Did you know Robin Hood has a famous cousin? She's kind of small, wears a red cape, and is on her way to grandmother's house. I'm so thankful for my friends and family. thanks for all the tweets last nite!! Thanks Portsmouth for a wonderful evening...hope to come back soon! moore giving us delayed opening tomorrow #woohoo :] Are the people on CharlotteToday really having a conversation on mini cupcake holders? I wish everyone was as forward as me... Going out to happy our after work. In my mind I'm already there and yes it's only 9:45am. can I ask a question about my future? ( don't worry not relationship/romance) I'm me nobody told you to like it Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures Changed my name, i think it fits me better dont you? :) Thank you East County Democratic Club for endorsing George for Judge! Yea, That's Awesome. Were Can I Hear Some Of Your Stuff? at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati) 9pm. Went shopping today Ya DIGG Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street Every episode is a gimmick now. Awesome back alignment. Audition. Pumpkin coffee w/tons of cream. Admin stuff with India.Arie in my ear. Excited to bare my soul today to the mastermind group I'm a member of. Lou's the bomb. What producer? NBC5 is showing Joel Osteen plus an hour of "paid programming" before the NHL playoffs today. Why not bring Tony Little, you sellouts. This weekend went way to quick!!!! #CNN is working to confirm reports of a shooting at former NFL player Junior Seau's home in Oceanside, CA. My face hurts from sunburn ! :/ happy birthdayy Stephaniee!<3 ugh today is not my day Still collecting rec's for best places to shop online for the #curvygirl ... what value is that, 1/20th of a cent? Check out "International isn't foreign anymore. Original stories from around the world, connected to the American experience" Love it! Lightweight tired… : Magical Colin impersonation. When will 103.3FM find an alternative to that gab-wagon for the 12-2 slot? #perfection indeed. Thanks for the pic! Enjoy the doughnut and coffee! Casey is crying b/c his closing is so bad. I try. Plus, the club I really wanted to join--underwater basketweaving--was at full capacity. boring day Thanks! I'm so looking forward to it! :) Please tweet pics of your trip! Matthew 7:1-2 NIV "Do not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged..." I woke up, I am warm, I have shelter :) addy, it's not nice to pick fights. Join us tomorrow for our fundraising event. Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on I really think I missed my calling as a bitchy weatherman who gives unwanted fashion advice. #TwoThingsIWant Happiness & Success Thank you to Channel 4 and 7 news. The truth was told about the City of Praise. I love my church!!! Y'all ever been texting someone that's real cool and then they just stop texting in a interesting conversation .. Maybe someone will jailbreak/hack the system to let you increase the speed the car will go. idk if u actually lost the game or if a hockey team lost. Regardless I could smack you cus not I lost the game We started working the new songs into our set this past Friday night. It was really cool to start playing the new material live! I have a HUGE desire to take my family to Israel. I wanna add to our faith and heritage by experiencing the presence & atmosphere of Israel New York is all out of blueberries. Really? Says the girl who dates people to break up with them. Maneater. thanks for visiting. Glad the kids enjoyed our exhibits. I must have been a bastard in my last life Awh, thanks Ethan. :) I'm just a little, never mind, I'm really hungry. Awesome, have fun! I need $50,000 to get the 2 cars I want the most. Ah!!! YOU SIT BY PEW? WHAAATTTT!!?!?!?! HOW HAVE YOU NOT TOLD ME YET freshman suck is it hot in here or is it just you? #RaidersOfTheLostArk on almost every tv at the gym. Soundtrack on at store. Now blasting through neighbors' walls. What up universe? Apparently #Chicago opted out of the #SuperMoon . Bummer Heading to my bathroom for some sit-down. it's what's for dinner that cuts A LOT deeper when you articulate and take it far enough to get personal. cursing just shows a loss of + woah. Intense!!! Hope they end up making 2 and 3 as well! What did u think? Did u read the book before? yeah bro I just got my internet back last night. It's the shit. I am officially a Gleek. I credit you! how r u Placing an order to get through the day. Waiting for you !! definitely want to go see Got the first softball game in for the year... like 15-0! Shuga on both lips before work :) <U+0001F60F> Brain Floss: According to the ADA, 42% of daily smokers age 65+ were completely toothless, compared with 20% of non smokers. come play some ball up here in the hoosier state Can't wait for Sunday's season finale of TRUE BLOOD. Packer game? What Packer game? Yep, only way to go “: I am the presentation. My slides are just my visual jokes. #shehechat” #Miami what's good. thank you - you responding like that was actually pretty great! :-) made my day. I knew it was gonna be a good day. Example of me not being a morning person: show up at the WRONG restaurant to meet for coffee 2day. It's gonna be that kinda day ;) Hopefully Taylor Farr won! Damn i love me... ... im really somthing else... Yankees fan - really? No love for the #Brewers? . This has just steeled my resolve to call out all the settler racism I see and hear today at #MayDay events in NYC. is back on twitter for the first time in ages--damn facebook distractions! Good night all. Take care of each other. Kudos to 's Steve Handel for passionate remarks on the #CompletionArch and the desire to serve our nation's TEARS RT : You need gastric bypass RT : i need 8,000 followers Happy Monday! 285 was shut down most of the morning, so for those stuck in traffic, I feel your pain. Remember 2 get ur blue light bulbs out & "Light it up Blue" for Autism Awareness on April 2nd. Pass it on. Playing The End tonight with DocHoneyPunch/Scott Revey. Gonna get funky. Come see at booth 2429 I'm at #TxLA12 w/ St. Cloud is a small town. At least they're picking up NCOE. Their big sister town of Mpls/St. Paul shows no sign. Sigh! I agree with this sentiment. EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!! 20 - 30% off unique handbags at Tous all weekend. W.tous.com Excellent point about the housing market. What a clusterfuck that is / continues to be. Thanks for sharing it with your followers! Yes. MT : You know those Dyson Airblade hand dryers? They should make a full body scale version for when you get out of the shower I don't get mad anymore. I learned to expect less from people... even the ones I thought highest of. What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great? Rihanna has a problem with keeping her hair one colour... rs. lol, I think my last one turned out a little too much like an elf. Thats my bad! I am in love with New York City. i wanted to cry, my mom was there. Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch! Addicted? Yes. <3 saying hi To My New Followers - Not enough sleep and I'm tired, too much sleep and I'm tired... Should I just give up sleep altogether? Or become a zombie? Decisions... too bad im gay ;D #9 Mahoney's, Magazine St - New Orleans, LA God Gave Me You..So Thankful For Someone Like You In My Life...You Was Made Just For Me RT : #MOMeo Tip: Work ON your business instead of in it! That means stepping beyond the day-to-day! Beautiful ball movement by the Mavs! Offense continues to look in sync.... They'll win tomorrow. This is #LeylandBall- win one, lose one. We lost today, we'll win tomorrow. As for FRI/SUN, sell the tix leave the guy alone and stop being so bi-partisan. We are all Americans. ALERT: Attention bikers, don't get off your bike in the middle of a congested road on campus. Someone might run into you. (via ) hey twitter <U+2665> sure, just let me know I would love to share my experience holy shit... I'm having a major breakthrough with r. Omg I can't even. Made by an ass hole spammer dick Be sure to share LAVT with your friends and family! And follow me on twitter Birthday shout out to the one and only !! Love you so much babe <U+E32D><U+E32C><U+E112><U+E34B><U+E310><U+E312> Once again thank yall for all da birthday wishes!! Last night after dinner I was full so I called it da night and never made it to da club!! Actor Fest is almost here! Come visit us at our Rapid Reelz booth, 149 In the exhibit hall for your chance to win a free scene! ! Srsly, when someone wants to argue with me, they use 1D to bring me out of focus. NOT FAIR I TELL YOU!. Difficult takes a day...impossible takes a week. 2nd time I've heard that in 2 weeks. Must mean something...goin to marinate on that. Philip Oldham confirmed as new president of Tennessee Technological University LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! :D Could you please get yo dick out my omelet What''s up with "pink slime" in some supermarket ground beef? I buy only organic ground beef from Whole Foods! Shame on the RT : Gonna try to knock out another Bag O' Tweets for tomorrow so tweet me your ACC questions and comments. like the new avi...too bad you cropped it... Platonic honeymoon RT : . and I have India and Berlin on the to-do list for the next year. That's gonna be wild. Hanging with some of the family at #MingleMondays finally saw my brother zenith plasma televisions Check out our latest Developments A lot of big news and several new Events added. Plus our new Gear has arrived!! Im March 11th... nudge nudge wink wink. I hope knows how much I love her. I'll be here. Always. Can't even imagine what she's going through but she's strong. very impressive article in the WSJ magazine. Congrats! My bad. I meant a photo of the tee (literally), which is great btw. Oceans Will Rise! Go checkem out! www.reverbnation.com/oceanswillrise. Or www.facebook.com/oceanswillrise. Brutal fooking band! Be patient if you're trying to call #Mexico today, seems phone system is overwhelmed with calls due to Please note all Urban Employ Amazon #giveaways and #sweepstakes have ended. I have the only headache T.T Aahhh we played, sir. Yep. They run out of fingers and toes. Lol The award for Goal of the Year goes to Adam Moffat for goal vs Timbers: "That was easy to do," the Scotsman says. he should have gone after Mario Williams to help the DLine. A strong DE across from is needed IT'S MY BIRTHDAY WEEK! YAY! ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?(: ...Drivers Education, so when you comin on vacation to the US Today's the day! See you at 8pm at the Moore Theatre! can you follow me for my cousin bday gift? (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE JUST LOVES YOu AND WOULD be happy if you follow me :) can i get a shout out get me to 200 I may have a near genius IQ, but with some things, I still just shake my head and really don't understand why people do and react to things. My dog seems to think I am a mountain to be climbed I hope Ellis gets hit by a bus Really it should be the Lakers and heat fans saying #FuckOKC cause they the ones talking all the shit!.......Nobody cares about the celtics Dont ever let this girl pick the movie you go see for herself and 3 others! #BigTimeFail!!! Im kind of glad I didnt date her. its obvious she's a fuck up and irresponsible. Dodged a bullet Yes, and eight breast implants. She was unrecognizable. Remember Also Double XP all weekend! #NowPlaying How Far is Heaven by Los Lonley boys...YouTube it..and Nomi has some new shoes and glasses girl... WOO HOO! Stoked for you!! and I were just talking about rides to sign up for this weekend. Don't look back...but make sure to look sideways sometimes! Love the dads sniffing baby butt commercial. So I still failed my apush test but ny % went up :) I hope it'll air this summer. It will include our Carman's story that's aired only on WQED so far. I'd KILL to do HOT DOGS 2! Looking for all buyers.... Ready to bid on Jobs More than 30 taken to hospital after Conn. concert Urgent plea for those not wanting to collect sigs to help with data entry at 110 King in Madison. Contact Whoa. lied about.. what.. o_O From teaching leadership to teaching communication Toastmasters is many things to many people. What is Toastmasters to you? the A game is all I have RT : Parent Challenge: Ask your kids "What does love mean?" Film their answer, send 2 . Miss you, baby! Raha and say hi!!! A vagina is a mans natural home Friends with benefits has to be the funniest movie ever <U+0001F602> My 2 favorite teams in baseball, the #Cubs and whoever is playing the So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan?? Listenin to Big Boy in the Morning and this nigga Phone Tapped askin can he go to prom with his male cuzzn JACKIE !!!! Hahahah Great #weapons training this morning. you can't win em all You know it is going to be a weird morning when you wake up with Bela Lugosi's Dead running through your head. Lmao that's too dam lazy Mine's making me reexamine my life, btw john carter part2 is out - wrath of titans Don't cry lots more chances to come. Smile and have a great weekend! Good luck Monday too He's so sexy and the way that he was into the music last night. I almost died. listening to that little voice I believe is like opening the door to your creative mind.doing it is being a magician of things Excited to announce that I will be recording the next Spence e.p with (Framing Hanley, Creed, Dark New Day) Stoked STOKED STOKED! #FF ~~> has me rollin' on the Disney movie rants today. Legit LOL! So am I suppose to follow everybody??? #Season3BTR crazy how fast time flies?! i was at the premiere for Season 1 ep1 miss you!xo More new members: P. J.'s Boutique, The White Orchid Florist, American Automation Inc, Recycle That LLC, Antea Group. Shout Out to the Chick that fell asleep in her Edible Panties.. Now the Ants done got ahold of her Ass! I have no idea how it's doing in ratings but #TheRiver on ABC is sheer entertainment. Lose yourself in the story, have fun. Best part is video description: "and circles her car like a shark." Baby girl pole dancing to Goyte's Somebody That I Used To Know. Hot damn I love that song more now. sent you an email. Congrats to our OTHS classmate #oscar winner for #visualeffects, Rob Legato! DETERMINED to finish before 11:00 so I can go to bed before the crack of dawn Stoked on tonight. You all gota come hang tonight| #ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay I got dat trade or I got dat sponsor !!! I serve no one...before his time When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what? thanks for sharing these. it's nice to see how things are coming along... If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify. Did you know that one of the most effective treatments for ADHD is regular exercise? A healthy body promotes a healthy brain :) Just seen ol girl thts worth my while oh yeeaaaahhh -_- he thinks am retarded lol and then he comes home with tomato sauce. wen i said 3 cheese haha Awesome team meeting in Mukilteo, those are going to be weekly from now on! Meeting in Kirkland with a colleague. Love networking! :) The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom. - Anonymous I can't believe I'm going to say this.... #Snooki looks cute. yes sir born and raised. I Love You Jc :) RT : Harsh drain cleaners should be kept safely away from children and pets when not in use iPhone was Japan's best-selling smartphone in 2011, Android more than comfy as well (Jon Fingas/Engadget) Why cyber criminals r targeting kids 5 yrs and under. Experts say attacks on this group has doubled in the past yr. story coming , thanx for the RT ladies. hope you are both well since i've been MIA all summer! xo Hahahahahah I love that you love ADPi, though I can't say I'm all that surprised ;) Thank you so much! We're currently taking advantage of our month to month...I'll definitely call you if I need assistance! my friend shot himself in the head Just watching the tour dvd on youtube is making me even more exited for the One Direction concert. Google Chrome you really fail when it comes to being compatible with RefWorks. Please fix that. I really like Girls, the television show. Gnight btw ur grandpa seems like so much fun! Haha tell him i say hi if u read this <U+E328> Amazing #tenzingtasting! Loved the Ayala Zero Dosage, pretty much all the Spanish wine I tasted, False Bay and Dr. Loosen. Why are there people out on the sidewalk holding advertising signs? When did posts fail us? ...an emphasis on locating sensitive areas that produce feelings of pleasure. Once pleasure-producing areas are located, the woman is ... flying critters spotted today: red-shouldered hawk, carolina wren, robin, bat, indigo bunting, goldfinches. try Appenzeller. It's like Swiss Jaegermeister. Are we going to see any new photographs of you soon love u adam Sometimes you just gotta let haters hate lol! #CueTIsMotivation haha damm twitter, hating on you. I always did want something named after me. 01/24/10, I posted: "Is it me, or are the refs allowing the Saints a few too many #Cheap Shots? #Saints #NFL C'mon #Favre" I need some plans for bday weekend need help I love Chicago! What a great city Where are you going? Join us for our last weekend at Living As Form. Thursday: Alphabet City Acupuncture, Local Spokes & LES Squatter-Homesteader Archive! My programmer friends are talking. They mentioned "STD-colon-colon-swap." That sounds fucking disgusting. CHICAGO!! CHICAGO! My mission is to win those tickets for May 30th.. You're the shit :) Employment Coaching Sat. from 10-2pm @ 506 Central Ave for resume building, public speaking, interview prep, etc. We've got great services! MedlinePlus.gov is a very reliable medical resource, but god, it's search function stinks Whoa fb chat online by accident & I get 6 Hi's from random guys. That's why I always keep it turned off smh I like how as soon as I beat Hour of Twilight, my step mom said she was at my house. I didn't think I was going to beat it in time. :P I have to stop working for an early birthday surprise from Greg? Well...ok. :-) Hey girl! I got your form. Just added you to the list. ;) Should i do anything tonight....hmm ": #marchmadness will do that to you lol" for you and I: less tweeting, more coaching this time next year! #WhenAustin randomly tweets a fan. :) “: Our love was comfortable and so broken in. -john mayer” this is what you say when you look back at it... Not current yo shut up I was going to cook an epic dinner, but I just don't have the energy. I hate being sick. If you like the #SanAntonioSpurs, u will like their D-league team. Go Nice video! We have our interview with you from TechWeek up on our blog bit.ly/oJxQ4w By a bizarre bit of experimental cheffing I discovered Pomegranate Juice is OK non-alcho replacement for red wine - if there's such a thing! haha, what constitutes "really good?" I'm interested to see how much variability there is in locations (similar to devices) Going to practice in Caer Mear tonight, with Thjora & Kelby. Hope I have time to get my shield fixed. No heart transplant for my dad at age 70. He died at 71. Fat baby don wan no mo. kinda dumb i mean it only the central f***** point of the whole site Jimmie Johnson on pit road looks like overheating/engine issues Great pie making class last night at with the kids. Molly is a superstar. oh yea thanks -___- I fucking hate my job Article 66 on Facebook - like this legendary band and contact them for a free CD. Today was extremely hot! Bow! Haha Complete Scrooges they are!!!! What goes around comes around though woof. Gatorade = worst chase hello Cali in the fall!! But we are so overdue! I feel we vacationed more...#didwegrowup? trust me I would never do something like that. It was a coincidence. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. T'was an accident. :( its okay/: theres always a next time.. I agree - Scheduling is great but def not *only* scheduling. Spontaneity/ relevance = key Woot! Can't wait to see you back in Madison! Haven't slept for 2 days.... Bouta catch up on tht:) totally! taxes suck! what do I need cops, the military, & the fire dept for when I can stroke my gat & go galt like a boss! I'ts definitely a BLUE MONDAY, cause it's raining in MIAMI NEVER Text While Eating Soup Grand Canyon, Space Aged Eggs, 6 mile hike, Bee Hive, Bee Sting, Homemade Carne Asade, Good Company Sorry you're too late. I'm already there! Rock night on #xfactor and not a single rock singer. Epic Fail. Baby sister is NOW a licensed driver. Look out windsor!! likewise.. You meeting #drunkcrowley tonight? tell em! You ain't gotta lie to kick it. I wanted a gene hackman slow clap! Not some irrecognizable, vague highschool football clip! yea we are...but were worth the effort...real talk. What is the state called when you can't relax but you can't work because you can't relax because you can't work? I love you asshole Every news anchor I've seen on tv in puerto Rico looks like a huge alcoholic Today I remember my father’s stern but gentle reminder to young me that partying is not, in fact, a right. Still makes me smile. yes we do!! you let me know when !! Hey Brian, if u r in Madison tonight, I have 2 tix 4 u to see Last Day at Lambeau @ WI Film Fest. Monona Terrace @ 7:00 PM. thanks! I appreciate hearing that! O'Quinn: Rowlandson's Rural Sports rehearses Zoffany's Col Mordaunt's Cock Match. Yes! Andy. Do not lose to Tipsy. Gotta get out of here! #StayStrongAshley you'll be in my prayers yea I'm wearing a Hebron soccer shirt now.. we still buy presents.... I had the craziest dream about me last night. Not Cecropia, but a Pandorus Sphinx. Found it on the playground. Cuz I can't take it when I'm gone just too hot! I love my doggy! Seriously when i wake hes their next to me licking my elbow lol :D y'all are doin the bible lectures? Good shit lol. I wish I was back there. The puppy has the hiccups! What do we do? I will be your hero if youll be my Eay generatn #GOP caused "BANKRUPTCIES' that destroy JOBS,LIVES,FUTURE of Working Amer Fams& #GOP expect GOVT Bail Outs=NO MORE #GOP n 2012! Looking For Luxury Homes? Call Me Now For A List Of The Best Las Vegas has to offer. 702-518-6567 you are beautiful!! Tonight ought to shut a lot of Braun-haters up for a bit. We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that Awe. Thanks! Today, we're crushing and pressing Chilean Malbec. And custom labeling a couple cases of #wedding #wine. Congrats Ken & Cindy! it's what I do best I love you, two- grew up a Detroit fan. Old Tiger Stadium with my hard-working day who made time to go to park No...thank you! It's a Persichetti tuba solo. I mean, come on now. Join us at CVS, 402 Gray Street (downtown location) FREE shredding, Customer Appreciation Day, Saturday, March 10 from 9-12 (4box max) ... That's a long while from now. Pacers blow a beautiful opportunity to steal a game in Miami. Danny Granger should be a really fun interview. Heat take game 1 95-86. DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE (1980) -- So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts. The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene. That's Caron Butler's handle, such a class act. RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans Hi! Looking forward to your posts! :) One last tweet before I get famous! good luck Congratulations! RT : Named Business of the Year by Fishers Chamber of Commerce. Very cool! if you have on your social media you guys are in good hands Rihanna To Be The "Fast Six" Villain? Just wanted to thank you for your AMAZING presentation at GBS! My mind & my business have both been transformed forever! He would've been if it wasn't for you, bitch. He's gone cause he went and fell in love with you. You are a toxic disease. Looking for a space for a new art-therapy non-profit. Do you know if there's anything near Woodburn? Like a level of a house? Technology itself is not a solution. Quality journalism is the solution. thx joey, great to meet you this week. Aww shucks, thanks. I forgot how hard handwriting is. Did just tweet props to MSU from jail? is going to start using twitter so can rest easy. Out to breakfast with my momma. a session with me up for auction I'm also on net flix Sensing Murder please bid It's week ! This national country act will be kickin tunes on our stage! Get your tix now! www.hornygoatbeergear.com OMG! Science and Math #homework is so easy! Note to self that using crutches is a great tool to pick up chicks too good for the pound sign, I see please tell me you have some killer? Lol great minds think alike! :) ^ag "Sometimes, you go into Lot 4 and take any spot you can, because there are so few of them around." Lots of #MM's going out tonight at around 8pm EST! Thanks for all of the support family! Today is a cuddle weather kinda day..... good times Gotta love a good bear or 5 Just got my new phone which means new number only if were close hmu and ill give it to you Happy New Years my love!!! Wishing u the pinnacle of success in 2012!!! :) xo Just had a little #font conversation with Feeling pretty cool. I *really* just wanna lay in bed with my kitty. But I have so much planning to do today. Storms make me so unproductive. Any facebook friend who comes in between now and 3:00 today (Wednesday) can get a Horseshoe and fountain soda for $6.00. ok I guess we will go see you!! Thank you!! I feel so hopeful and relieved. Score one for the Mexicans!! LOL Wait let me slow down cause theres snakes in the grass and their slowly coming out -here thats my favorite part :) I don't want to start moving around yet.. I got no sleep last night I'm dead tired... This blows MT Mario Williams back on site 24 minutes ago Work/Family balance lesson #32-When present, BE present. Partner gently reminded me this morn while I was working on the laptop, in bed come see us Two Cal Chamber board members resign over Whitman endorsement. Claim too much politics involved! You gotta He kidding me! Too partisan! Wash DC Cherry blossoms in full bloom, pink petals swirling everywhere in the wind like snow, collecting in drifts of pink icing. Beautiful! What is with all the Patriots dropped passes? writ8550 Body as text... Well, I'm going to invite you right now. But you're in my circle of friends. We'll see how much you use it. :) Pre-show promotions are vital to lead generation. Be sure to send targeted emails to your top prospects and clients. FINALLY WATCHING THE BTR USTREAM THAT I MISSED AS I SIT ON A HEATING PAD RESTING MY BACK! YESS! Thank you Ryan Braun for some offense. Stutz Artists Open House this weekend. Yeah, it's happening. Don't forget - if you hoard food you have a disease but if you hoard money you will be quite popular. I would try to put you on blast but that won't help me in the long run...it will just make me look like a #lame nigga! you are very welcome! Hate it! The worst: "Lady Bulldogs" Seriously. Thank you! I sent about 70 over to Coach :) What to look for in a 990 form for government charities: income, expenses, assets, and what the charity claims to do. going for a run when I get home :-) That sounds like a great arrangement! Call me in my office: 951.925.3808 I'd love to give you some advice. Ask for Trent. That's part of the beauty of being an asphalt philosopher. We weren't born in Cleveland for nothing. :) RT “: you guys rock, per usual” That should not matter except no perfume draws bugs Tomorrow's 4.20 <3 know what that means..? ;) yeah.. You got it. THE LUCKY ONE COMES OUT. Say ewwww look at me no bitch look at you Expect a lot of #starwars vs. #startrek talk on tomorrow's with guests Adam & Mike, Let your voices be heard! All John Jay Students...VOTE! Polls are open now, online at the Jay Stop! yes! got lawn for both nights, would love to find some pavs tho : You going to Saratoga? Haha! And pigeons, cobras, frogs and various other animal-inspired yoga poses. (Frog is the WORST) A marathon is preventing me from getting to my place (or to my favorite bar)!!! What the heck! Got my cartilage done. Make sure your employees are communicating at their best in the workplace. Schedule a one-hour workplace writing seminar today! If plan A doesn't work, there's 25 more letters in the alphabet. all summer camp themes done! Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec. and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley. Anyone? New tracks sound tight, excited for the LP :) getting my desk somewhat decluttered. now if i could just do that for the rest of my office That's why she's with me I'm packing for my trip to the #MW2012 conference in San Diego! I'm excited. you're such a loyal customer, I would never get mad at you especially when you're eating from other trucks!! You rock! Eat local! Chris Brown <U+E409> Goss: Our work focuses on changing conditions in neighborhoods and schools for kids. It's SUPERBOWL SUNDAY YA'LL! Come join us for the game (And commercials, of course) for $9 bucket of domestics ALL DAY... See you here! It's only going to shift more as more more browsers add the unified search/address bar. Coming to Safari in Mountain Lion. Sounds so fresh after hearing tired-old GOP ideas during the debates for so long. We need to hear from Obama far more often. hey! I haven't thought about it, casual dressy maybe? I am SO GLAD you are going, can't wait to see you!!!!!! Xoxox Also tryna figure out how this dam crossing gaurd just hopped out a 750 bmw I'm in the wrong line of work Good God. Is CNN trying to give Fox "News" a run for their money? Really dont know what to do with myself.. No doubt but he's really been in a good state of mind even prior to yesterday but what a great night! layin down an u? also my apologies I got no picture with Ben Folds OMG. emma watson is filming at my school. for those of you who don't know who that is....ITS HERMOINE GRANGER. so let's have them fight and whoever wins is better ME, TOO! Ya, if you're writing genre, definitely read off-genre ... my writerly friends repeat this over and over. It pisses me off when guys try hitting on me even though its clear that i love my boyfriend. Get some fucking morals and respect. Absolutely email me! :) I'm with you! I've had the exact same thoughts. Ayooo<33. do you like one direction? I wonder who will be my first follower; probably someone with "auto follow", tell me if I am right. nice! a 10m commute is the best! :) Dear Amazon, I really don't like peacocks that much. True for grad marketing, but not undergrad: "When it Comes to Marketing, Twitter Destroys Facebook" via Envy is one of Hot indie artist preforming live at the Freakin frog sunday 6-pm-9pm Pst on "Break That Single!" the Indie music supporter! it was called copper kettle. Sounded intresting too. He always does! We are so lucky to be affiliated with him and the rest of 826. Thanks again :) please follow me, matt? :) i have a question! Not sure Y is at #TEDxumn. seriously. Perhaps he's here to inspire simpleminded dialogue. Maybe career interns know all. Devon Rifkin: New strategy = dual option: importing (long turnaround) manufacturing domestically (short turnaround) When I get up an get myself str8 we gone see if niggas got sumthin to say... I'm doing that to are you doing the rooms? I love that tour- I grew up close to Chicago, but we always took exchange students it! FRIDAY: Get ready to party bachelorettes & bday girls, DJs at will never turn down your requests, 9:30PM... i couldnt wait so i bought a single ticket on Friday! They are selling fast. I couldnt get more than 1 in the section! don't worry you're here, been watching videos on YouTube of ya lol. Love the transformers and janelle Monae inspired video Ohio Third-Grader Weighing 200 Pounds Placed in Foster Care - Fox News #dogoodsummit PM session: be sure to catch up with from at the "Smart Growth" session| room 250 thanks for the support dude! we'll see you this weekend Rawking out to Doves - Kingdom of Rust! Just sold $CEDC for a quick 5% profit. I understand. Mine fell somewhere in my car. Hubs did find it after cutting out a compartment a year later! I hope you find it. O you scared! Haha, thats how I feel. But he's actually being funny, and he is hardly even talking. Aha Gabby. GABBY. GABBY!!!! Hey guys! One Thing is #2 on hot 99.5 right now!<3 I found it a bit thick for cookie dunking and ended to watering it down... but coffee? Let me know how it goes. TURKEY DRAG!!! WHO IS READY FOR THIS WEEKEND! ALREADY GOING DOWN,GETTING PUMPED UP!! Be sure to join us and OISS this Wednesday for another international coffee afternoon! Treats from around the world what should I do when NextBus says it's going one place and the bus says something different? This happens regularly on the D lines. Thank you. Last regular season home series. Hard to believe! You're a #faggot if you're awake and not texting me This week, Lawrence Berry the homeless artist, became the first graduate of the Homeless Coach program! Lazy morning, then heading up to #dmac2010! Wish the sun were shining; maybe it will be in cbus... I got passing tests out the wazoo. Talk about feedback. Forget you , gives me the feedback I crave :) Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer. Visiting family without. Makes even grading a sweaty mess... I understand times are hard which is why I decided to include special prices for College Students for Virus Removal, Data Recovery,... Looking 4 sign wavers 4 a promo in North Highlands, CA (just 10 miles north of Sacramento) on March 5th-6th. Contact . Now you're just somebody that I used to know <U+0001F3A7><U+0001F3A4> Wish me luck. This coming week is going to be a real challenge Our Dermalogica AgeSmart facial treatment is half off until March! Visit our salon & get glowing! Blizzard conditions require drastic measures...home-made chocolate chip cookies and chicken stew It seems I only ever go to my local Walgreens to purchase cookies. You better be coming today. :P And we head into our THIRD 10 of 12 for "1776" at Ford's Theatre. As Congressional Custodian (Drew Eshelman) would say, "Sweet Jesus!" I get the feeling that Machop, Machoke and Machamp would be very popular with bros. "The book is realistic. It's not amatuerish, nor does it seek sympathy. " Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads double 0 negro needs his own account! !! Fuck it not waisting time on the past #SingleLife (: #YoMommaSoFat she had to get baptised at sea world. Downtown Miami is all abuzz with a million cop cars and people protesting... What could it be?! Which one of you homers said the Badgers were a final 8 team on Friday? Does that make UNLV a final 4 team? happy holidays love both u schmucks-lmao!!! U better be living it up!!! My sister is watching my 3 month old daughter and just sent me a pic infront of a tattoo shop Shouts out to new fam - where can we check ur beats fam?? #Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results or... they can make the whole plane first class... that's probably the best option Watching that black ass Wesley Snipes in US Marshalls 12 hour work day, clean apartment... Now rewarding myself with a double glass of wine! you say that now. wait until he wins the batting title and Felix is with the Dodgers. Strike the Musical just sang it! Cant wait to see bowling pins sing more. RT : Our Lyndsey Corbett braiding backstage for Those waves were fierce! please follow me Austin. <3 Gosh you have no idea how happy I was when I finally got some! haha I can agree with that! Damn Chelsea has all 11 men in the box Hahahaha your not the only one! Something I want to do right now; SURF. <3 Follow me and I'll get you out of summer school ;-) Matthew 5:18 For truly I say to you until heaven and earth pass away not and not a dot will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. Glad you made it home safely! Looking forward to seeing you both SOON! Thanks for the Congratulations! i love your music! When are you coming to Charlotte? What's your favorite Shakespeare play, and why? There are days I'm stuck at a friends event and then design reviews all day and tomorrow. Drink something good for me & thx for map We watched Goodfellas after the Oscars tonight. Scorsese has that effect on us! Gonna go buy a new jacket and wallet since boca decided to tear mine to shreds this morning Kids outgrew the Muppets but I can't. RT Street: Grover: I like my name. “Grover”. It has a nice ring to it. So does the name Belle. NFC might provide a workaround in near term, but for long term, photo rights policy frameworks need to adapt. RT Private companies contract with prisons for prisoners' labor: phone centers, Dell, Victoria's Secret, Starbucks, McDonalda - I didn't know you were five years old We're very blessed. (x3) I forgot to tweet this,but on St. Patricks Day,everybody says their Irish. why should we chat ?? Some agencies will agree to give employees subsidized workout time. You have to ask. so cool you're there. Keep the tweets coming. yes - that would be sweet. You game? All that remains is your lingering scent mostwhen click twitter i check out who to follow an follow some; working real hard as fine art painter 8yrs,gut feeling,tell em 2 follow moi it's just like a toilet, they need to be flushed too. If you want to live in a barnyard, move to a farm. New song up on our facebook! Check it out and tell us what you think!! <3 DC is the best Z for my #bikramyoga tomorrow :) Go cry in a corner u bitch :( I Wish We Never Did It And I Wish We Never Loved It <U+0001F614> Happy Mothers Day to Moms everywhere!!! Holy crud you're amazing!! That was WAY better than a lot of the people who made it a little farther on idol. Awesome job!! Almost have 3,00 followers!!! Thank you guys! If you havent gone and LIKE'd our facebook, please do! Love You! I'm tryna put this in ya life! Elevator pitches about to kickoff at the #FSTA. Interested to learn about all the new biz/products in the fantasy sports realm. You all have been way too nice to me today. I'll respond to you all tonight and try to live up to your kindness! :) Why does meek mill have so much hype? Follow me on that Twitter thing: Baronent have a great day in school :) Give me the “dislike” button on the top bar thanks XD and omg thats amazing what are you planning #TasteMakersKS Hey! great call! en route to seattle for #ir12 (slightly chagrined at leaving fine fall weather in chicago) -_- rude ass people. Show no love, love will get you killed no YQL for Answers? Their RSS Search feed is kind of useless. Awesome, Jason! Long ass day!!! Ready to go home & sleep! i think a standard rule in every household should be that you are allowed to watch glee, however, everyone must refrain form singing along I need that 640 million mainly for this but I shall agree to disagreement nonetheless On this day a few years back I got in a bad car accident in Lincoln with over 15 people. It's because of God were all still here. Yay!! Some info!! Best of luck to you!! Nice to see you tweet! Have you figured this out yet? Back at the hotel, trying to stay awake for Put my clothes up, then my butt is going to bed! Good Night :) God is good. We are headed home. Praise God!!! well deserved! God night me too! Keep your eyes peeled for us and you can win a free t-shirt! thanks for the RT definitely in one's best interest to keep regrets to a minimum--they can bury you & your dreams What's the best way to break up with your body pillow? Lot's of MA consumers not happy with 250 biz cards #FREE LIE. Be sure to send complaints to or Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all of our friends and fans! get at me for more info about your product I thought it was a pretty good suggestion i said its on now silly Goodmorning everyone! Exciting news were trying out a new guitarist today hopefully all goes well! Hope everyone has a good day! im sorry i said stuff please dont be mad Old alcoholics are the funniest Thanksgiving first!!! So much food.. Now we're the only table without a lit candle! Smh! Thanks a lot ! I haven't been much--just Saturday night and this morning, mainly to drop off supplies. from one moment to a next a thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed. Horton out for playoffs, Francona says no to Fenway 100 invite, Gronk won't be on the cover of Madden. #Redsox will win today Boom kids in GLobal Action Project (social entrepreneur style class) present business plans 2 panel in 40 min- has them well prepared google sites proving to be a very handy tool for several projects. how far can I push? Women,men like new pussy & will cheat on you just to experience new pussy even if the new pussy is bad,worthless,& ugly! it's amazing! Ellen is Awesome... damn it. i wanted "the bieber." pretty sure it's a spoof. domain is registered to a name used by Yes Men. <U+200E>"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." -Henry David Thoreau Holy shit am I glad I didn't watch the game tonight. Don't forget our awesome Music of the Civil War program begins at 2pm! There's still time to make it! oh nice! too bad we didn't run into you guys. not yet! There were hundreds of entries. We'll keep ya posted. Attending opening of E.O. Wilson Biophilia Center at Nokuse Plantation in Freeport, FL on Saturday Two weeks till i see my brother again :) current weight goal weight for their liquor license, which entitles them to stay open until 2am. Town is trying to collect extra on top of that. Cooking channel has innovative shows for fun and easy meals. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray If paedos looked liked paedos, they'd never do any paedoing. def a great fighter. “: Question: Is BJ a great fighter or a fighter with some great moments? #UFC137” Is it hot in here or is it just you? If I tell you of the Self, and you listen, its a moot point who is the greater fool. understand-sounds like you are exactly where you need to be :) and thank you sweet Taryn-much appreciate your support <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B> I'm happier than Michael Scott was when Toby left for Costa Rica today! Get out of shape during season, and in shape out of season. I find myself thinking a lot about Bakhtin these days. Met who? What? Who the hell hacked my twitter account and started posting spam? Not what's up. #robetime! Thank you! :D MISS "C" PLEASE CHECK MY JAM FREAK MODE WIT A LITTLE HOME MADE VIDEO ATTACHED Are you a user of the ATLA Religion Database? $25 and chance to win iPad for 45 min interv. at AARSBL. dm for details. I just joined in, but how do we know that the video wasn't staged? Wait, so is MySlice wrong, or are there seats still available in 613? Accidentally signed up for online instead of your section! ": #NoRespect for you if ya favorite rapper is Gucci" “: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.” Thank you! So happy they let me share the summary. Been waiting to be able to talk about it! :D looking at the radar looks bad hope you folks are safe. No one has ever debated that Funny how regular citizens like us follow the law better than at lest some officers. Nice! Congrats. That's a really nice milestone. DigitalStakeout software to monitor mass events in social media will be at LAwScomm Booth #2070 at Not very nice of California to keep that important info to themselves. Just bought my first scratch ticket ever. Better win enough money to buy a movie quality chewie mask. What special offers do you have? I stayed here a week last week, & looking at 5 days this one... (University HW in Durham) Great game w/ a great ending. Hope u enjoyed ur first bowl game! :) Go Stanford!! RT : Hanging out with ! :D We hope very soon! :) Day one of was packed with intelligence, advice, wit, anecdotes, cake, and fun. A very well put together conference. Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be. I just thought today.....now my head hurts U.S. House approved $300 billion in cuts to offset the deficit, but most cuts aimed to eliminating programs for the poor nationwide. I'm going to be a senior in a month, it's so overwhelming to think about Love having 2 hours of technique class! Great start to the week! What team did you guys make? it is fine I saw did it so I wanted to try :p So the whole purpose of going to bed & closing your eyes is to fall asleep! Well wth. I'm tired & I have a big day ahead c'mon. #np 'Daniel' Bat for Lashes "Not a zero sum game - We are not asking this country to focus on #YMOC at the expense of girls." Victor Saenz, UT Austin I got me some Takís<U+2764> Sucks to be you bro >_< I forgot everything ..but thank you :) & I sometimes I wanna take their yoga pants & tie it around their mouth .. I keep forgetting that today is Friday :p Does anyone know if we actually have to use a meal for midnight breakfast tonight? i will . tomorrow morning . .....a natural tendency is to want to be understood rather than understand.....(listen to me!!!!!)..... I like both. RT : Q2b -Do new staffers want socializing with coworkers, supervisors or both? Thanks #ASTD for hosting the #TK11 conference. I can't wait to start incorporating some great tips I learned into my e-Learning! Excited to get down to N.O. for the final four. Going to be fun learning from the best in the business and catching up with other coaches. Wade bounced off BDiddy like he ran into a fat Mac truck. i try What's your favorite children's book? Check it out of the library and read it to your favorite kid this week! What do u mean no reason bro... I respect the rings and the stats. Im tired of people looking for the next Jordan. Sorry for all these suck ass tweets but don't like well fuck you too!! Lol Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that. I think they were too. Everyone says she's crazy, controlling and bitchy. I know for a fact that I would be too with that many! You do not lead by hitting people over the head that's assault, not leadership. General David Dwight Eisenhower I'm done watching jersey shore. my oldest son weighed 10lb 5oz, his mother is only 5' tall I made it up the office stairs without completely spilling my #DietCoke, which is a 100% improvement over yesterday's statistics. holla at me... inbox info So at school today this girl was like "who is Brad Hall?" to this other girl and I'm just like...... I be him. Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here one more wee ill see u soon chika Search "integrate Twitter into PowerPoint" to have interactive presentation polling audience. my trip to atl was was GOOD!!! DID wat i had to do nw its bck to cali I never realized how corny these daytime novelas are until I sat down and watched one Hpy mamas day 2 u RT : Happy Mother's Day! Thinking of - hope you are all chillaxing Oh thank goodness, just wanted to make sure I wasnt the worst hockey player there teaches all a lesson to stay for the credits. Respect the crew who worked on it, and learn some cool facts too!!! Got the remix done!! Gonna work on some artwork for a while then it's back to "Jack-O-Lanterns"!!! been getting the "this channel will be available shortly" on HD for the last 3 days. currently USA and Comedy Central...fix?? thank's for the recommendation. We'll check it out. Congratulations to Jay Sanchez NAGA Bantam Weight Expert Division Champion God bless them. <U+2665> yes...success :D and Isabel wanted to be an engineer.....and I change my mind every day lol >.< Sittin here wit 8 twix n 4 containers of cookies and i plan on eating them all right now :-) Jingle bells, haters smell. Losers go away. JUSTIN WON, haters lost! Beliebers all the way! HEYY! :) I know what isn't going to win best sound mixing: The 84th Annual excellent brother! You da best. your that dude with a sparkly iPhone case. Still lookin bomb af doe When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object. I tell them to live and be happy. No 2 dudes the same. So why set them up to fail. 63 and #sunny? Yes please! Thank you for this made-to-order weather! "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge a ... is that a question!!! hey hun...just lettin ya know bout my music...u checked it out? I went indoor rock climbing this weekend with my wife! Thats an awesome workout...and a lot of fun! I only thought took the net off the moorings... #HowAboutWe all go to bed. If happy ever after did exist,i would still be holding you like this... I'm catching up on "Ax Men" and Dustin just said "twitterpated" ha ha ha funny Only got on to see id followed me but I guess thats gonna be impossible I wish he tweeted me a lot like some other girls..! :'( I'm not horny. But my dick is. Will you follow me?:) Whew! Made it through the #train Epi of #Grey's. Wine, Grey's and peppermint mocha ice cream. Life is so good Please RT! Remember to mail your ballots by March 25 & make your vote(s) count! #OneUnion = So, uh, New Richmond, Indiana thinks I'm pretty? THIS Saturday we're all about the ladies! Swapping womens, maternity and kids clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new! only one way to find out!! complaining or fighting? That is your opinion rather than what we are actually doing. When you're sitting here alone with a dr pepper & goldfish. THANKS FOR THE LUNCH DAD. I am a part of all that I have met. ~ Alfred Lord Tennyson One of my pet topics as nothing burns talented people out faster. I think thoughtful, thorough performance review are key. I thought he looked familiar! The hell?! The DVR recorded weird crap into other stuff. Some guy jumped into and episode of The Mentalist shouting "Angel Dust!" #808Pride face it girly hes not the boy for you but u no ur I don't judge I'd switch to emacs for you. I remember now. Good to hear from you again. Somebody did something different and you didn't like it. if you seriously want more followers then follow my girl ri she will get you follwers asap Should not be this tired What a DORK is Bug Selig for having to READ his congratulations to Cardinals for winning the World Series and announcing the series MVP! De Aza's walk up song is Roll Out, they should change the words to ground out Lotus of Siam for lunch, thx Larkin Rise and Shine! Send us your favorite campus photos! Hi invite please! Thanks. Congrats on Cheers! and your arms ;) Because I'm just really sick of being single. I was ok with it for a long time, but my contract on feeling ok seems to have run out. Does anybody else imagine/think that #KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers? That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do. Going to see the MVP play in MKE! Follow that dude Alastar actually NOW im a casual gamer.. ive been competing for the past 6 years dude.. i just had a baby and know whats more important now. I must admit it helped a lil bit. Lol !“: Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.” Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. - #raw10 I expected MADD Mothers Against Drunk Drivers 2 b all over Paris Hilton n Lindsey Lohan. Like PETA was on Michael Vick Thanks for the shout-out! Send all your amazing LA teens our way! Snake bitten Badgers lose to the clock again. ATL let's work Tomorrow should go by fast M... The Turkey Lurkey Gobbledy Goodness meal is right around the corner! See ya tomorrow, the dinner is right after church! Hi : ) Done twittering for tonight ~ take care! Damn, Nominee Michelle Williams is a total RC disappointment I lose followers like its my job. yeah he trippin. Whats up with the black stuff he talkin bout?? What's your favorite cafe in #paris ? We know, we know, how can you choose just one? 1st one that pops into your head - GO! Yes really! You brighten my day. Everybody wants to be told they have an "interesting personality", but nobody wants to be told they have an "interesting" face. you need to defeat first! A #True #Republican #GrassRoots #Activism #Revolution, hey, why don't you join too? Hard to comprehend. My homie SS Dawg stopped by today and dropped off some unbelievably good OG Nectar. Time to dab a few and crash out!!! You must mean Jeff Tambellini? Daughter arrived 7am & fell back to sleep. I'm cleaning house. I'm like Rigoberta Menchu mixed with Chuck Norris & Rajon Rondo. I wish men in my hometown looked like u r and pfft That nap really helped! And I NEVER take naps "everything in the world is just another thing for guys to jerk off to." - said the old lady in the coffee place to herself. Good morning twitterers :) Amazing! Skyler absolutely killed it. I hate that freaking song, but she made me want to like it. I had birds inside once: unmitigated disaster. Taking all my restraint not to Amare something. Wow. Love it. Its collddd in here Wow George Martin is killing people off like a mother trucker. to troubleshoot my lack of phone and Internet -- which I first called about yest. morning. Appt for Wed. now. 6 days later. What did he have to say? ;-) You were so great at #WPPI I felt like a groupie at the Sony booth but that's ok it was worth it!! I know... I probably should restrain my sense of humor. Loved song! Why I have I never heard this song before? So good. Fight off those rainy day blues with a delicious, hot meal from Chilorio's! Dine in or carry out. Can't wait to see you soon! im a cheapass...we played mini golf and went to the mirror maze. night night you must be tryna get lit up you ol Jive turkey! ouch.. it's supposed to be me & you forever & ever.. :( Looking forward to serving the Port Catholic Fundraiser tomorrow night at Country Inn & Suites in Port Washington. Always a good time! 2011 was one of the best years of my life. Looking forward to what's in store for 2012... he must not like you. lol Coming soon... www.oldsKooltees.com ... your new favorite tee's on the web My workout today was pretty good.. As you get older it gets so much harder to get into shape.. Best 7 months of my life with You're the best. =) government: If you serve us rather than we serve you, why is our money paying for your luxerys? Solution to DC commuting complaints, drive to work at 3 am! Fa real? : u gotta come get em! nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen Hello amy One elbow and the man is back to being called Ron. "His mama named him Ron, I'mma call him Ron." So much for World Peace. seattle light rail just put to shame. but then again, walking puts the dc metro to shame. Good Night &God Bless. Stave converts the third down with a long pass to Kenzel Doe. Nice throw. No worries : D is gonna slap one particular ignorant, lazy, obese, wellfare abusing, lying moron if she doesn't shape up or ship out! “Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.” I like the idea of you but I don't like you. it might rain tonight. YES! THe best one is the Comeback Kid when they are @ the ice rink playing that song on loop! I feel like I didn't even sleep last night I Love it when a homeowner fights and gets his foreclosure sale postponed!!! Happy Friday!!! you've got mail :) : Oh, hey, you're the guy who was the first one in the comments defending Wahoo at his dumb post. I see. Drama in Fitchburgggg Hey :D I'm n the house gettin work done on my house but is already out n the streets - what x will u get there? Big Ben their ML class was really good. I'm taking their graphical models and text processing class this semester. NEMO :D Do you like too?? that I can understand, I'm from the south, only a few short hours from the Braves. Just also love the Mariners. go on your and go to Fresno please. if I do i'll probs be at XL Thursday Listening to the Beasties on 94.9 as I drive to the trolley stop. Thanks, ladies! Health Bent is a favorite site for recipes. I follow strictly, so no potato & no cheese :-( lame. How sweet! <3 I didn't get it.just dm me your number and I'll text you? Author gives the words, as an artist you can do things, invent all that happens. Don't do words literally. Make words visual. #WHITEHOUSE Join us in helping the president achieve these goals to make the US great again. Taking the money out of politics is essential Today we kicked off the week with Katie and Kyle's rehearsal at Sunset Key then dinner at Latitude's! It's a beautiful day in Key West. Time 2 Run GOOD Thanks for the follow, how many properties do you manage? My name is Derek....we manage properties in TX! Retail therapy never fails...maybe it fails my bank account...but it never fails my mood! “Mother’s Day is day of pride and love both for and from your children." #ShoutOut to all of our new twitter followers what's the deal? U good? I love Kristen Wiig. I wish she had a Twitter. If you're a woman & you work hard for the money, thank Donna Summer for giving you an anthem & reminding the world of your dignity. oh my god thanks so much haha! That's the combination nut lick + dick suck. Is it bad that I'm down with this? Paul: Watching Benji for the first time - some of the music is a bit over dramatic. Ivan thinks I'd like to make songs like this...um no real talk. can't flex. the idea of super old folks kissin just crossed my mind & i was disgusted. so i'm tellin ya'll the thought so you... #SportingKC #wecantbestopped 1 Game at a time but man this is a really good team we have! Today the Defense was Incredible! Check out Nashville's Picking Violets, duo sirens, - text them: getpickingviolets to 88704. The judges made a terrible decision not picking you for a wildcard ;) Anyone else really want to run a marathon across China's new Jiaozhou bridge? “: What radio station were you listening to?” I'm not certain but it was local to DC. GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PPL! ass kissers are dangerous! though, that really only strengthens the argument in favor of your proposed LH tag... Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! :) Saw a commercial for Glee. That show is still on? great news I love the yellows! Does it matter how you cook it for the nutrients? all these dick suckers on my tl.< Marriage is sacred, other folk need to just butt out. Thrilled to see...hoping it means See3 is growing. Anyone leaving? I hope not! Such a great crew. I love sleep, because my life has the tendency to fall apart when I’m awake. the music is all around us all u have 2 do is listen Oh well The guitar doodle today is awesome!! yes! It will be on the must do list for this summer!! Just learned that had a friend named Tootsie. I had a dog with that name. I had a friend Mitzie. She had a dog named Mitzie. watching CNN. Looks crazy there. Keep us updated and stay safe. Xo bought more books from 4 magazine subscriptions and counting. too much reading material? nevarrr excellent race and year, 5 races, 5 different winners and teams, exciting year Encouragement for the day: Your passion for what you love & the drive behind it has to be strong enough to overcome your doubt Lol! I felt they tried too hard to make her appealing. Hence, I ended up with Nazi-Ashley in that play thru the difference is that she doesn't have a to make delicious chicken tortilla soup! would you be interested in interviewing young midas? David Ortiz needs to go. Yes. It sucks. Seeing the sadness, the fear, the worry in my childrens' eyes is the worst. lmbo that's just sad lol woaaaahhh. How about by car? I don't think I be able to go if he does. Well, I just got yelled at, at work. Oh Joy! You can find high quality products if you pay a little more. Who is cheap? Those cheap buyer or cheap thing maker or cheap thing seller? Still writing non-stop, but so excited to see how this book is coming together - can't wait to share it with you! things that are hilarious: people who are still mad at FDR Nice. Thanks again! RIP Dick Clark. Sometimes i wonder if he even cares :/ <SoFar,SoGood;*> bored bored bored :( included: god is cool with infanticide. OMG Clippers PLEASE WIN! Take their HCA! Just like they took ours! what'd you think? you're coming to Miami? i might get to meet you! All those other guys were just practice.... for me.. Los Angeles #MTA votes for good local jobs with #neverwilli marry a Iranian man. Brain Floss: About 78 percent of Americans have had at least one cavity by age 17. Help prevent them by getting sealants for your children! Congrats to everyone graduating this weekend! I guess they taste like Cheetos lol they are How's your Sunday going?? Hungry? Come by Bounce Sporting Cub for a ice cold #Beer and a #Burger... Regg Ruck playing all your fav tunes! Baha! Lol but I'm Forreal about selling the weave I'm so sweet <U+0001F60A> lol Seriously. RT : i am so worn out by partisan politics. FRI Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in a Balsamic Vinaigrette w/ Shaved Artisan Salami, Toasted Walnuts, Crumbled Goat Cheese it not even ma birth day and u want to blow the candle out????!!!!!!!!!! If i had a minute or two until i die i would run to the store and buy a life saver. Just got a big mac that looks like it came from a commercial... Check out www.circuitcity.com. They have tons of inexpensive laptops/notebooks. Yep. It also helps if you have an open mind. Some folks didn't like it because it was "unrealistic". Then again, how many are? Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. press. Thoughts of love = a eulogy. Love is a garland we give her. "Foot treading of grapes is still used in producing a small quantity of the best port wines" Agreed. And different. hit em with the k let that hoe spray pussy nigga if you aint dead watch me put a 38 in yo face pop pop pop leave his ass bloody red that is the worst way to start a morning!!! :( it makes me sad how we used to be so close & tell each other everything.. and now we don't even say a word to each other. Seriously, computer... I'm trying to get out of here and you still give me the spiral wheel of non-responsiveness you could always lower your standards. that's amazing!!! good for you :) I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand. I want to stay #impartial. That said, I've had service with #ATT it was bad as well. 13 surveys for #jms581 DONE. Such a relief...looking back they weren't as bad as I thought. Good luck to everyone finishing up theirs! Strength is worthless without endurance. The Heat so stressful bruh Trues. RT : Lies! RT : In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls. In 1940 i Good Luck at St.Baldrick's Event on Sat! Raise LOTS of Ca$$$h! Thanks for the follow, Terri Wonderful photo with your kitty! I'm reading all these reports that say neither LA team will advance to the Western Conference Finals.. Easter egg hunts for adults would be great ways to launder money. LMAO. It had to be done this way!! One might even say I'm like a Mother bird, I had to let you fly on your own first! Lol RT : I'll be back later...keep the shoutous going! Still along way from 1000 Winner receives a Play-On bracelet WAT IT DO FOLKS Oh hey life, I didn't see you there behind all that school... Then yes you have it all! :) I'm sure you'll have a great time. (Sorry about damage to back though! Try unicorn blood..) lol Go get "inspired by the struggle" on itunes today!! q5)step outside of the ID curricula and find relevant CS courses How you? Long time. Enjoying the sun and work? :) Do any undergrad lecturers out there have experience teaching intro-to-R courses? I'm thinking of a mostly-for-social-science course-- -Glad you are so excited love!! Enjoy the club, and have a drink for me, VIP style ;) xox in class.. right now... We are proud to be the sole reason why had their busiest week ever. Booze Camp is good for business. High winds today in Vancouver WA and Portland OR. If you have tree damage or need help, give us a call http;//www.arborsmithtreecare.com I have a healthy appetite don't think he should apologize for the call-out BUT I respect the action. Anyone else wish they would play music at Target? Your address is too big when it takes FOREVER to print. Just sayin'. I can't/don't sleep anymore. It's making me feel like a fucking zombie. Omg I'm going to throw up on the cta Listening to songs from West Side Story @ #yaddo benefit. Leonard Bernstein worked on it at the colony...so lovely! Stream our new record De Novo for free on our website too, we just want ya'll to hear it! www.illmondo.com I love you too babe Is it #Saturday :09 yet? Geez, come on already! Despite national trends #sandiego #housing prices are on the rise...Now it the perfect time to purchase #realestate here! Aw thanks! yea we do it'll be fun El Cajon City Council preparing to conduct interview for Planning Commission vacancy, appointment lol that's hilarious The polls are closed. And, special coverage on WUWM is live. Tune in. and it was delicious!! Thanks for joining. Lied in my last tweet. just gave $1K to GUSailing through HoyasUnlimited. Wanted @ b a part of the success of such talented kids. Ahoy Saxa! Thanks to all the couponers who brought in food for #Mama'sPantry. We are always in need of nonperishable food donations Seriously just saw a woman sporting a George Washington hairstyle. If tomatoes are classed as a fruit, then doesn't that mean that ketchup is technically a smoothie? Damn durant wet! GM, Happy Monday let's pursue our passions, live our dreams & fulfill our destinies Find me. Follow me. Exchange with me @ MyBizXchange.com #MixedRaceProblems , On Job Applications You Have To Check 2 Boxes Or Other -_- it's very awkward to eat a salad with a spoon -_- Saw the play my cousin Hannah directed (Footloose) It was good but i only saw it for my nephew lol #AskPSanders whats your favorite t-shirt? FullTime Assistant Controller in NorthHills. Contact for details #thatawkwardmoment when you get to western Rehersal 15 minutes early and your just sitting there awkwardly because your alone... Hanging out in the XMPie Booth at Print 09...Stop and say hi! This commute from Flo Po is so much longer than I'm used to Thanks, Looking forward to some nice dialogue! It's always the darkest before the dawn excited for a #thirstyfeesh reunion party! Miss you pretty Tass! <U+0001F378><U+0001F420><U+0001F41F> LMAO I did not know Gaga kisses Marge in "Lisa Goes Gaga". This is gonna be a great episode. Woo! It doesn't get any better than a #NYR Game 7 in the Garden. Tweet us some of your pics! -CJ what be this positive you speak of? dang i barely ever get on here guess i need 2 more often huh? Hooray! Can't wait! Hey who wants to start a puppy mill Did you see HW at one of the shows on the European tour with Delain? If so, be sure to tag yourself in one of the photos! I don't like my food to touch. It's immoral. Especially since they are unmarried. VOTE Harry Thomas, Jr. #3 on the ballot...TEAM THOMAS is ready for VICTORY!!!! Q: In militaryspeak (which apparently is one word?!), what is an aerodynamic personnel decelerator? A: a parachute. RT : Ladies you're in #NaturallyPretty feature today there 3 sides to a story , my side , your side && the truth . Have been in a total, helpless slump all day. I demand a do-over! I think Superman more so than Spiderman. He is handsome, no room for argument there. The police chief is stepping down. offensive foul game over Not sure but will let everyone know as soon as we find out :) RT : when does Claw open? Yea those jeans just set me back a couple C notes. that would explain his absence on the news hey Ariana!!! How are you doing? b/c my glasses && b/c ur mean to me lol um your welcome, why do you feel that way Dropping out. Opening a Smoothie stand. Goodbye college. Who wants to win a free photoshoot in this contest ?! mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent? RT : MN leads the nation in concentration of jobs in book publishing w/ 8x more jobs than nat'l average Hey Mike, trying to make big decision. Need 2 know if there is any doc out on 'at' tags right now. Please advise. Thx! were doing the same thing you are lol - rumor has it that is pretty cool. We should check it out b/f you skip town! Motivation to write papers none... I gave you an honest suggestion ;) Wish I had a kettle in my room though there are programs for that. I hate not being able to tweet something that's on my mind in knowing someone's gonna see it -_- #ndpl what is the benefit for users, for libraries, for the nation? Its a lawsuit about the NFL covering up what they knew about concussions Treat me like a king that I am, guarantee I will treat you like the queen you are Dodgers up (: Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend! Thanks for the plug, Jackie!! Love the song (and that you dig Dragonette!)! ;) xoxo glad you like the photos! Twice in 30 days. Pissing me the fuck off. Forgot to thank you awhile back for the RT! Hope we see you at #Winterfest tomorrow :-) My bio need to up date already. Peice of shit. I'm sleepy!!! AS FREAKING USUAL! he's the sweetest! RT Such an incredible blog you MUST read. Written by the great world traveler "My Muse: Maine" My daughter wanted to know how you were late for work. Enjoyed live performance @ the Dove Awards Nomination Announcement ceremony. first place I saw you fellerz!!! First time I got hi too :) you guys helped me become who I am and it goes all the way back to that 1 can u frekyng shut up Watching #AmericanIdol, why do I like this show so much? This show doesn't really fit my personality. Not so humid in Vegas! See you tomorrow! RT : Its humid as funk! here in New York today More coverage coming your way soon! was at the Steeplechase today! Little drive to Philly this morning, getting my first look at Halladay this season. #maxscenee close but no cigar :T great season though your mascot must have done a million pushups thru out the whole year lol your skin feels like butter and your hair smells like cinnamon!! You're just a turkey churro in disguise. you are an inspiration I enjoy your creativity. another beautiful #jerseycity day without torico's. sob. weep. I legit just got home We do what we can! RT keeps proving itself worthy of my presence next fall. ;) RT : thanks for the speedy recovery wishes. Let's take the 3 points today against Philly... Off to shovel snow someplace for the temp service, after tossing and turning all night and getting two hours' sleep. This'll be a fun day... hmm.. For the better I hope. Mine's alright. Today's going pretty good so far :) so full of BBQ. #googledcparty awesome party but be careful not to fill up on the tacos The good ones go if you wait too long how is that guy still in the league? Bolting to #DC for #NYE - Happy New Year, everyone! 2012 is going to be fantastic. I can feel it. Any one have am extra at ticket for tonight? "Effective business systems make expectations clear to employees, improve job satisfaction, and reduce turnover. They also reduce... Rothko never has looked so sweet. :) well that would work..except it's a lie the wild twice. Chris Simon and heatley. Sighed heavily both times. Sounds like a very civilized society MT : Iranian cartoonist gets 25 lashes for drawing politician as a soccer player oh ya haha HEY!! I totally forgot ha:) sorry, so.... What's goin on?! I'm checking out the new sounds of AM & Shawn Lee, and Fool's Gold at Mercury lounge tonight. hey, is your dad Al? Texas Rangers are gonna win tonight!!! Champions I'm tired and nauseous all the time :/ Having a nice cup of magic coffee Agreed but I still think museum ed people should be involved. it's not all about the comments My day ends at 4, and it's #Sweet16 weekend…which means sweats & hoops are the only thing on the agenda! no one in general My parents are about thinking of buying a new house:( What about her? Also, why am I getting updates from people who @ me way late. Fuck Silver Bird. Every #niners #touchdown $1 drink from bartab! Send us your email and we will get it to you ASAP! #UWMadison Graduates! Do you have friends and family flying in for graduation? Let Us Drive them from #MKE #ORD. 608-764-2917. Spit rounds like a gun range beat it up like rampage Nothing, you? :) #turfcatslive Good luck Austin Turfcats in the SIFL championship tonight! Q: If you could only eat at one item off our menu for the rest of your life, which would you choose? I could go for some Hooter wings tonight! ok I totally see it now! Idk, it looks it! #killingfeelings BIG TIME today Back in LA! *airkisskiss* just kidding! I would have done so much better than that! Getting all sexy in honor of Dali's birthday I'm melting my watch & covering it with ants. If it's worth the risk, take the fall. amazing comments from kids in 3 countries comparing level of #racisim. student: "all people are equal no matter what color they are" Pple be on some bs Will Ferrell hosting SNL solves rating problems. Anyone who doesn't find this funny has no sense of humor. Best host this year. spoke to soon. Their flight just got canceled. THanks for the #FF! :) Have a great weekend :) watching the tooth fairy Merry Christmas to all. Hoping the New Year to come is your year & we hope to see you in NYC soon! My #EBUS118 students are really excited to hear about your biz & social media tonight at Oak Creek Campus. 6pm. could really go for some refreshing fermented horse milk right now Tom, thanx for the social media shoutout! If you'd like to see us do anything else w/ our social media, let us know. Miss Boop said to tell you she sent me. Professor, what's another word for pirate treasure? Great day for Athens and Atlanta! Congrats to and James Beard winners for Best Chef SE. lmaoooooo the Sixers are trash for that Hahahahahaha you are silly College bound illegals argue they have much to contribute to society as many are A+ students pursuing medical, health, business careers. SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1. oops wrong twitter lol My mom is singing about how she got drunk earlier x) haha. One can hope. #shutup huffpo, Jose will shop for home in Wolverhampton for a true test of his prowess. Lmao Who Do U Think I Get My Evilness From I Mean It Has To Come From Somewhere the girl who cry heart break. thats who you are. i blocked her, tht was so childish of her like really childish im still shocked i jus woke up its 6am and i see tht lil grl shit They even have door locks at the 99c store I mentioned. I'll buy you one of those and it will be EASY to pick next time! lol Zimmerman waives his right to a speedy trial. Defense Counsel needs more time to prepare a defense. studio wit my niggas & We are adding a 4th wireless access point to IB Center (keynote room) today - that should give about 75 people #CILDC wifi access. What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. Happy St. Patrick's Day! rip the stage loc Sleep is for the weak! And for those who have dogs that aren't terrified of thunder... You should also play them that song, which I had not remembered was terrible. I got more rhymes than Picasso's got paint. memories of dragging 10 foot tall toy dragon to my aunt say "can I have it" and she'd always tell me I needed something that fit under s ... I'm still so tired from the weekend . <U+0001F633> Fine & beautiful place for a meeting! Checked into La Jolla - California. More exciting disability studies academics to meet. Yes, undoubtedly similar! Thanks for the link. So i just accidentally found out our dog really likes Bobby McFerrin. Kobe with a facial!!! aye what do you do at skills and drills on Friday mornings Happy motHer's day It's been a good week so far working out a lot as far as diet goes let's just say I got to eat ! lol. Well, I have lost weight recently... Great win Brew Crew!!! 16 over .500...Yes!!! Fermat's last theorem easily fits in a tweet. Maybe retire that example (tho point adequately made). Does college pay? They do if you are a good open-field runner. I'm not being a smart ass I'm just being smart. Follow for more information and a chance to win free tea! Singing & Blasting #Boyfriend in the car... by myself. HA! what's up Shane!) How's It... What you got go'in on in the Boxing world? I close my eyes, and all I see is you. Can't someone new get to know me. You're breaking my heart! : I was talking a/b your #cropdusting,.... Jill only pretends to know you... I'm having a panic attack D: Even though we can't agree on the upset thing, I did enjoy your show. Will tune in tomorrow. RT : Excited for our h.Bytes session w/ Google. Thx for the help! Maybe you can Hangout w/ us It's sad that we are making this cards team look good. Get it together CATS. #PeopleWhoMatter your mom Just gave a direction.YOU did the work! RT Great meeting today @ SouthCom THX to Big things coming for in 2012 ;D your right! RT : Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy RT Celebration time at C+S! We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvils for community relations and issue mgmt through he is fine as hell and smart!!!!! it's cool it's cool Super Science Saturday - Gizmos and Gadgets! Come check it out! Shud hav a good idea where we r after the summer&what we need2do2get2where we want 2b. Ppl think I am crazy, but a state title is our goal. That stalker moment when someone likes your FB post from 2 months ago....O_o My take on the latest Transformers movie: So bad on so many levels...I just can't get it out of my head. Hey, all - send me your vegan/vegetarian-friendly recommendations for Philadelphia! Going there in July, and I need to eat! oh I thought you said hoes ! tweeting out to you cos you asked so Thank you, Lisa! Likewise!! Looking forward to reading your tweets! :) Why is Jen taking so long ? When you have nothing left to say to me, say it anyway. Ight Landry fields needs to get off the stage, let Anthony do the work like on that last shot aww that suck but i luv her anyway please RT this luv ya so much please follow me please!! Cam =) Great to see you on Twitter! I look forward to weekly sketches! :) No tv for me today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game? Hawai'i's Shaka Soap selected for MTV Movie Awards - Maui Weekly My pleasure bro!! I didn't know that the offense ran through rondo! GOD he is literally so fuckin selfish sometimes! so excited for the show today:) Shelter volunteer tried to convince me that it is OK to own 7 cats. I was already convinced. Woo! Woo! love the bio someone go on a coffee run with me Candlelight walk in Carson starting on Turmont and Avalon tonight at 8pm : Users have a 2nd amendment right to use rsync to shoot themselves (and their data), don't they? So excited for Karen Kolhass's Fearless Cold Reading & Audition Technique Workshop this month. With preparation comes opportunity! #LiesIveToldMyParents i'm going out with the girls Watching Kung Fu' Panda & About To Hit The School House #Manee' -__- . My mom just got pissed at me cause I said she couldnt wear my fucking jacket tomorrow. Areyou fucking serious? No. Buy your own damn jacket. Miss my headphones Is that the sun?! That photo would make Chief Seattle (of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes) very proud! I wonder what the record for enrollment is? question for the panel: what do you think of us? [librarians] me too. Let's do that again. Ahahah Yr Not The Only One =D Bulls in OT ! Silver Stars get killed on boards in first half, start second half looking better on offense. I will seriously CRY if you follow me :) I LOVE YOU AND AUSTIN SOO MUCH :) #FollowMeAlexConstancio :) I'm going to try this--- target. cerebral malfunction-realized I never followed ya. away, wear a helmet and I am going to have a good time. PS the Kate on State is an idiot. Recap: Kate, the president & car destruction = bad good. I got you a generic Walmart brand dental dam. I think when parents say "Because I said so" its because they cant think of any reasons to back up what they said... did it all work out this morning?? Love they have a great installation by Janis Leonard Did you know Bamboo is a member of the grass family! -- thanks Lisa! Looking forward to re-connecting on #ConnectGens when I am back from Just made it to twitter. Looks like I'm a little behind in the pop culture! Just got home from #Passion2012 and it was Amazing! :) Just watched on w/ & NE 1 else feel Parazit guys avoided reality of being US funded? Thanks so much for following me back! :) Stanford win only helps Oregon's chances to get back to the Natty. angry birds is very addictive Great seeing back at his old office today. You were missed!! Ticket comes in from email system that someone forgot their password. Email system requires password to send email. What? aw thanks! did you like us on fbook!? followed, follow back? Its so cold out I hate the rain !!!!!!! We could hold hands, & then you could kiss me & then we could fall in love. Okay? Wow, these shots they hitting crazy. JCOF will be the stock to watch in the coming week! SCANNER: Construction debris in the intersection of Alameda & Chambers. Cars trying to maneuver around it. My friend was my roomate last year. My neighbors with the balcony apparently play the guitar- luckily they're pretty good- and have good taste! There are many rabbits in my area. keeps threatening to shoot them for dinner :( Real.. No doubt.. BIG FAN OVER HERE FOLLOW ME PLZ <3 If I had a nickel for every GEICO commercial I've ever seen, I could buy us all car insurance #ff our personal twitters and Thanks ! Glad you made it out! Next up is "How Does She Do It?!" Panel Forum on Oct. 26th in San Diego! DM me for invite! quality comes at a price, there are clubs out there who are willing to shell out to get the big names, can't overlook needs.. says keep people engaged and #connect! Nice to hear same tips gave reiterated! I know!!! RT : if you were here, we would be doing hoodrat stuff and using up at least 5 YOLOs lol Offset it with the other side Best line of this movie: "If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you" I'm. So. Tired. I be on Tumblr a lul bit TOO much! Thank you Lily Allen. I needed you today. Drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Don't just take a sip Thx 4 the follow. We hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl. We're digging the Animal vibe! Best & success. Will u give me a shoutout please?? I wonder what Rob Lowe looks like first thing in the morning, without all that makeup. I just gave asha the best advice. I should be a motivational coach They've never drove through Indiana, Met the men who plowed that earth.. Saw some folks bike riding, even in this wind it i seen you online. looking good bae. WHY ARE YOU IN ORCHESTRA #iswearyou'retonedeaf People can now take politics in their own hands lol RT : Looking forward to #TheRingLeader with ! The Premier on is February 14 2012 Congrats! Henry is adorable! plz follow me i know u probably wont but : why are you ignoring me? People talk TOO much ! <U+0001F620> Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is? Guys! We need more followers to grow! :-) Thanks everyone for the bday wishes! Salsa dancing last night, bowling tonight, brunch on sun! Watching friend on CSI:NY fridy night! Fun!! Ha? Is what real life? omw to school-_- ! Everyone Good Luck on the test.! ( if your taking it) <U+E056><U+E00E> Is the show House based on a specific hypochondriac message board or just all of them? okay, whatever you say. But you still have some explainin' to do when I get back misssssy! Thanks for checking out my video, Ren. Let me know if you ever have any questions. Take care : ) Another office just opened in Nashville, please follow Some will test you, some will use you and some will teach you. But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you. Also, increase in skin disorder exzema -- also autoimmune. can you follow me and I will talk to you on dm instead of tweets and I'm really confused about this talk to me on dm please?<3 Flashing the boys is not cute, its very disrespectful and inappropriate. Lmfao. Seriously, though... I don't even know what I'm tweeting anymore, these days. The ONLY "Reality" TV is "live" sports. Nothing else comes close. Watching CONTAGION, courtesy of you got a big head man.. but you're cute so its good Taylor Swift 'Should Star In Grease Remake ' round two? “ With a cup of ramen ;) ": leave it to and i to take shots so early in the moaning."” It's back to the old one again. That is strange. I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!(: Welcome to the first day of Spring semester at Looks like we're having some lighting/power issues at Playing drums for Multi-Platinum Warner Bros Hiphop/Dance Pop artist Outasight. Hitting Bamboozle opening for Bon Jovi this Sun May 20th! K girls. We'll let u know:) Isn't George Soros a native speaker of Esperanto? harold and kumar, superbad, 16 candles, license to drive, blind date with bruce willis, hilarious! (Followers let's say 2getha)Now I lay here down 2 sleep,I pray 2 God my soul 2 kp,if I shuld die b4 I wake,I pray 2 God my soul 2 take..Amen Favorite things had to be and the block parties. What a perfect night it was! haha where do you live ?everytime i have to go to sleep your waking up ! aida on met opera radio today sounded like it was recorded in a pest house. kept listening for the next hacked-up lung. Munger turning in too. Still on street in LA: health insurance rate regulation, and local measure on adult entertainment. Sending love to all the #Mothers, Mommys-to-be, and those who has given a child a loving Mother's Touch. #HappyMothersDay! The more you stress it, the more it will hurt. Keep that in mind. appreciate it bruh! Oh I guess were sleeping over?(; Bonhoeffer graduate Jonathan Irwin just received the William Wilberforce Award for "vigorously engaging the public square." Time to give my nosy ass neighbors something more to talk about ima start taking my dog out in my boxers. Hopefully one of them is reading! Glad to have it. It would be a shame if you weren't at Racebannon's show at Red 7 Monday. Be there. tickets are at will call! I really love my little Hartke 2100 Pro cab,BIG tone!..little box..but its kinda heavy,very good extention into lowest notes...34hz! what do you exactly mean by cocky?? Just wondering added to my bucket list: spend an evening on the town with HELLO! THANX for the FOLLOW. Have a great weekend! OH: I'm pretty sure that ~you~ don't pass the Turing test. Wow this has really changed since the last time I was on haha.. I like it! Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. - Doug Larson I was In it For tha Love & you was in it for tha check ! Thanks for sharing, Jose! Somerset and Danville. That's my neck o the woods! Yay! Lol #divaconference Also from blues divas (Smith/Rainey) to gospel divas (Jackson/King) to the Broadway gospel diva. Heading to Grazie for #lunch today! #AllYouCanEat buffet for just 9.95! do u have school tommarrow I just dug through boxes and boxes of memorabilia and found stories I won awards for in high school. Wow. Wrap up ya hair, leave on ya heels.... Killing my inner demons to avoid creating outer conflicts Is this a black eye?! Wtf <U+0001F631> Popularity doesn't matter to me, Looks don't matter to me, Because I have my friends. <333 watching the #saints game and i feel like i'm watching high school football..i know its just 3rd string but come on guys pick it up... Just gave the 1st gold star in a min. 5am flight in the morning? What's going on? Night out in San Jose with austin miller. I mean, why not. Might as well :P not at all. doesnt help that convo almost went off deep end. dont feel any closer to an answer...or even a road to one :-/ This Louisiana girl is overjoyed that the Saints won the Super Bowl Tonight. Way to go Saints! i guess ill do my laundry for the first time in a month...pull my leg. My life, My idol, My teenagedream, My love, and i want him to be my first love! wanna play a game?? gts? -alex<3 ok we havent talked in a while (yanzee and peter) What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.~TSEliot listening to a marathon of #JustinBieber so far im on my 7th song i have a long way to go Still on job hunt Looking for anything pertaining to content generation, communications (marketing, advertising, etc), or editing. y'all come out Rio's Friday night for Mazerati vol.3 release party RT : I am loving the spicy beet and ramp salad from today. Niggas be claiming they only fuck with bad bitches but they girlfriends be looking mediocre. I was so ready to make a PB&J but there's no fucking bread! >:/ nice?? Hm ... Must be some sort of Santa reference ... I feel sick to my stomach. Dusseldorf, another joke yoyo German club that have done nothing since you were in diapers and we all know how long ago that was. And I know it's not all that important, and possibly a little sad I noticed, but would it have been /that/ hard just to look it up? who's the guy in the picture you keep showing on the lower right hand side? I said I could if I wanted. gee, you cant read ? harsh. “: Are you a CVS person or a Walgreens person?” CVS... Walgreens doesn't sell booze hey Steve, we were just there, and had a great show..enjoy the gold coast. If you can go to cairns. can't u here that boom and up and boom and up and bass I feel the Corvette has been neglected in Ads Recall election for Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch ordered on unanimous vote by Wis. elections board It's 48° outside to cold well that changes everything! And hopefully i'm feeling better by then RT if u like all time low :) I don't. I just know the address of his record label Warner Music Group in California & New York headquarters. You will be fine! Thank you for all the tweets this year and best of luck to you this upcoming year at UGA. I'm proud of you. Expectations breed stress, how you deal with that defines your greatness. I vow to neva give a mediocre performance......explosivness till my heart stop!!! AWESOME! Enjoy! Possibility invites us to bring into existence things that haven't existed. you never said you were sorry . I need a real nigga but I don't think I'll ever find one in Memphis or should I say America period The Weed im smoking Only the trees can pronounce watched The Fighter last night and can't seem to shake my already-strong accent...or my thirst for street fighting. Today is a very special day, as we say goodbye to our longest tenured Theatre Genius, Molly. better treat her right. Tell me why that was really akward ? Follow my other account thats puerto rican juice (rum) no pun oh yeah there was that. :( But its my daughters birthday and I get to enjoy daddy-daughter dance class tonight with them. is it really that good? Never had it, tried to go there one nite and it was packed thanks! :-) Feel free to send promos to . Cheers! -CK foot skin is delicate! soak your feet in a bowl of slightly hot water to soften the tough dead skin. Then file! That was a facemask.. Off to IYG . #milwaukee I should tweet about work but. GO PACK GO. Should be a great game from both teams! :) author, book lover, online personality, and great friend of the Uni. Couldn't ask for a better tour-mate in the months ahead. Someones #Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with.... They cost $15 a pill. In my practice it's often the wife who wants the hubby to have a script. s'all good, guys! UND at home next week!! Your Colorado Kings lead 50-30 over the Shizuoka Gymrats....at the half. Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv.. and so it begins you would still be in bed too if you got home at 4am. Attending Women & Gender session. That's not the way I read it to myself in my head. Team Ninja White Out is going to be in full force tomorrow on SJSU campus! Don't forget to vote for White Out! Also, too: #English569 looking forward to skyping with at beginning of today's class to talk social media + collection tips. Really? Why have we not heard anything about this before? today I learn: there is no wifi in North Korea so I can't live there for that reason alone... Who are you to tell some there not good enough , who are you to give hate? . I know what it feels like. It gets to me too . Those days When all you really want is to listen to Music all day '<3 - probably the fight in the first one in the other agent's house. So creative. YES WE DO!! I like , she's my favorite! Happy Monday to you, too! -- I've noticed, but why? nterested in watching exciting hockey , Game 7 WHL FINALS @ 5pm, door is open and my grill is fired up. The Winterhawks ! My trophy scene w/ is on tonight!!! For Sale: 5619 SE CARLTON ST. $259,900 Beautiful Earth Advantage home in Woodstock. Unique floor plan: 3 bed 2.5 bath and in-law bonus room. Of course you can hear the ocean in that seashell. YOU'RE STANDING IN THE TIDES!! maybe try yelling "Expelliarmus" and run away. your desk is giving me anxiety This Wed at 7:30 pm Jean Enersen will host a Healthlink Special "Whooping Cough Epidemic: Protecting Our Families." Tune in to learn more. Half of the school is going to the Disney Trip. Im jealous <U+0001F620> If you only smoke when you're drinking you have to make sure you drink a lot. Otherwise you'll want a cigarette all the time. A smile is the best makeup any girl could wear. Ok... Rawksome is my new favorite word... :b Derek Lowe "I Love my Maple Girls STAY STRONG!!" -Demi Lovato After a night of coughing, its time to get up. Thanks. I think the Q is not should there be a markup, but should there b sucha discrepancy btween restaurants in the same city. Ice cream sundaes on the playground thanks to a volunteer. TGIF, Positive Tomorrows-style. 7:30 TONIGHT at TheQ - Monsters v. Americans. Playoffs for the winner. We NEED your support #CLE! (it's also Fan App night - cool prizes!) Does that mean at 1pm? Or the 1st slot? is speaking at #adfed I didn't want mktg to waste $ on a ticket if I'm booked. I accidentally listened to part of a nickelback song #ncph2012 download mobile application!!! from during lightning talks. Keep myself so lifted. follow back please :) yea what's goin on with that!? Detroit what! Today was a wonderful day because I actually saw throughout the day<U+0001F60D><U+0001F49C><U+0001F44C> Hello! Not only busy with life. I"ve had major clearing to do in my home. Was under Spiritual attack. Working on clearing the last bits. Make sure you go out and vote today!!! If you're not watching then start. If you're my real friend ,, i'll always have your back. Most of us are trying very hard to FORGET the 8 miserable bush years but it's going to take a LONG time to do so!! why? About what?!? I need a vacation Rainy, gloomy day in Greensboro but still loving life:-) Oh no you didn't. Now I have that commercial in my head too. It's the worst! RT : says he'll develop a veteran's employment center at city hall. #sccmayor. mayoral debate. In a Beauty Rut!? I am here to save the day. Will someone bring me a glass of white wine? I'm in booth 318 Where is the love what's up? Rack city , rack rack city bitch ! ill miss you guys to, I mean we can keep in touch if everyone wants too! That sounds kinda hot. This is an important guide to how you can own a record label spice your page up . Your the baddest on earth ! Olive oil has natural antioxidants and its soap makes a creamier lather. That's why The Soap Guy uses olive oil in all of his soaps! Wow, NBC axed the 3 best comedies on network television in one felt swoop. Um Both But We Can Share Vinny The new bar is fresh and shiny and ready to rest your pint! Stop in for one or three tonight! Ok, ok, we love the guess...but the only way to find out is to listen to all week. Heh. ;) + charades = awesomeness! Join me and the CAM Connect team at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak, Jan 28 from 5:30-8pm. CAM "celebrity" bartenders on board to serve you. text me back :( my whole family is starting sentences with: "hey aubrey, when you work at the buckle..." All this while disassembling and repairing my furnace. Day 100 - no cigarettes and no liquor!! I work.. i have a job.. lol dam I want that shit! "Sheriff Joe" & #ObamaBirther are trending. Spotlighting this lunacy is part of the problem. Pls share other AZ stories! “: But my bro is buyin for , , and I...gotta take advantage”whoop come check us out wed night if your in town homie! Yay! :) Love your blog! shows recognizes #overseas talent but is firm on #outsourcing and that #DCtech #policy is more than just for Going to bed with a stuffy nose endless sneezing achey body and can't get enough water hope I feel better by tomorrow..... Well done Andy.... Hopefully our bats will bail you out Thanks! With the rain I'm very happy to have my suitcase. RT : rooting for you today after your crazy travel to get to dc I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons. I'm just not sure we create experiences that allow for all kids potential to be tapped. Is there any ownership of the learning? Mike that is not true, I canvassed on the train last month, lots of people riding during the day. You are doing a great job tweeting from the sbjsba! #ThoughtsDuringSchool damn dat substitute teacher is fine. PLEASE put in the hey song after the stars score a goal! :) I miss you! Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now. Ugh. No more dubstep and no more dumb ass kids. If you are the Southfield, MI come by "Beans & Cornbread!" Tell them Sonya McGuire sent you!!! #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Backstreet Boys are making a comeback I do both, but since I am packing, Netflix is the way to go. in ICU with Mom. So worn out. I miss my tweople. I am so tired of being harassed by neighbors. Fargo police don't do anything they just stand there and look at me like I am crazy. Todays deal $10 for $20 Worth of Authentic Italian cuisine at Cinelli's Pizzeria Loving some Clifford Brown / Max Roach this morning. If I was a female, i'd be trying to get at eyy beyyyy. Happy Birthday Have a great day, Puddin'! album title: Live Your life, Flash out yes. Already maxed out both the hyatt 10K and the Marriott megabonus. Have yet to decide where to burn those nights. Hit the nail on the head... With twitter nowadays it's get on board or get left behind! just booked my WSOP housing , any other poker players staying there for the summer? People this days, .... my bet is another 'non-traditional' buyer will acquire DSC. Sorta like Home Depot picking up Red Beacon. Yeezy taught you WELL. People come in and out your life for a reason Major cockroach infestation in YA area. Your best suggestions for convincing teens to stop eating in library? I'm a fan n that schedule is a joke, when do we get a tougher schedule so when playoffs come around they don't think its a cakewalk Never heard it before but now listening to the whole thing and, damn, it's what I needed right now. thanks for the love! maybe i could be a counsellor in high school baby yu had such a pretty pretty pretty face but boy you was a pretty pretty big waste of my time.! seeders cute JUST WHEN U TOLD ME WERE LIKE BONNEY AND CLIDE U CHANGE About to watch a scary movie...but still a little tipsy for the bar...did that shadow just move? happy Thursday Rebecca! “: don't lie, was hoping unibrow was hurt badly ?” she didn't even watch #doesn'twantnone Football Coaching to #FF // HONORED! Come on back to God. There are some things that you have to do. That song that you have in your head all the time grr When I see John tomorrow I'm gonna make unnecessary noises like squeals lol I'm coming for you, Big Poppa. #NeverApologizeFor saying what you mean; only how it is put In fact, this whole week sucks... haha that's a good point. But I haven't brought a girl home in like 2 1/2 to 3 weeks. WAY TOO LONG A fatal flaw of most SMEs: "It's easier to tell 'em how to do it." Do we do this too, when working w/ SMEs? "Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?" -Mark 4:40 Enjoy! Welcome home! :) pick me up right now? I'm putting a fan next to my desk so my hair doesn't stick to my face when I whip it around. Archivists=primal & sweaty Great shoutout on #NBC for St. Paul Mayor -- hitting the ice downtown for Hockey Day in America. play without lebron and see what happens can I cumulative! Heard a great affirmation in an audio by , at least 50 times a day, for 21 days, say out loud "I'm enough." #powerful stuff yo! Welcome newest member Morrell Printing What????? Since when we can have ex's as friends cuz everytime I say something about my past u jump down my neck but its cool for u Good morning!! :) #ThingsThatAnnoyMe Every business I go to has a sign that says "Like us on facebook!" what has this world come to? AWWW thanks tweeter kitty :) #Super starter I don't understand the whole shout out concept. I don't mind giving accounts shout outs. I just don't understand why followers matter? Bad news its a girl. Where's the trashcan? Haha its fine the same thing happens to me lol but yea I'm still doing film *On Austin's concert* Fans: "The concert is so good." Mahomies: "OMFG THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE, I'M BREATHING THE SAME AIR AS HIM!" Too many of these "Hollywood elite" people suck-up to the liberal left, and could not care less about America as a nation, free or slave. ": I miss home tho #PISTOLVANIA callin my name" wat part u from! Hi Joanne, thanks for following me, see you are a marketer, what do you market? Visited your blog still unsure. Cant wait for the BTW ball on 31st!!!! why oh why did have to turn into an oldies station? Yearning for the good old days when the music was newer. why, yes. Yes you may. :) How you end a day is as important as how you begin it. Say/think something nice as you turn out the light tonight. Off to photograph Garden of The Gods in Colorado Springs. Looking forward to it! Where were you when the towers fell and how were you feeling? we want to hear your stories hey hey hey!!! @ pshhhhh. Wish I could! In Spanish I had to give out my number then my teacher put it on the board for everyone to see so now everyone is calling me! Get q life! #ifiwas50yearsyounger I would still be flexin Wieters just missed his second homerun of the night by about 3ft. The steel is so cold glad u liked it. We shot the film w no budget, so thats why we didn't visit places other than the US. Maybe in VF 2!! Thank you! RT hilarious blog! Nope. Noah is though. Ripping your eyeball out and mailing it to Helen Keller My dad's going to be so surprised when he opens his birthday present! <U+E404> Nothing is either good or bad but thinking makes it so. -Shakespeare Some People Get On My Nerves . the real truth is we met wilde in africa with a bunch of waterbuffalo, well, noah we found in prison. And killa is my child :-) Each moment one has to be at ease with oneself - not trying to improve, not cultivating anything, not practicing anything. ~ Osho Quote Josh Hutchinson's jaw / is even more delicious / than his homophone Loving my "Healthcare Reform is a BFD" tshirt that just arrived for giving a few bucks to I feel like a total FB fangirl today. Things are great, when are you gonna make your way to NY? #agirljustwants to be the center of his world.... That's what I'm thinking. One of the best things about #Faffcon 2 (and #Faffcon in general) is that egos are parked at the door. Ya can't stop me. I gotta do wut I gotta do. Unity peace and love to all of you : Make the son of a Bircher Koch Brothers haha love it! The Heat are such drama queens! I love the show, my favorite is when you go to the old Jails. scares the hell out of me.How about a follow or RT I have absolutely no clue what you're talking about nor who designated you a Negro spokesperson. . is an amazingly courageous heroine. for all females. for all people Lemon Pepper and Fries!!!! Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter. MILEY CYRUS Get smart about your tags. If have a video about "school" don't tag school, tg "calculus 2" that is more searched digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!! surgery on wednesday bro bro Apple Says Former CEO Steve Jobs Dies. Rest in peace Steve Jobs! Seems like a Christmas sock kind of day. My heart and prayers are extended to the Chimbarozo family. Seven of them died on the Indiana Toll Road on their way to a funeral. can you please care to tell us what the title of your new tv show might be??? please for a fan? :D followed you, can you follow me please? :) At the Workshop Uniting the Californias. Doctoral Consortium is kicking off. Bahahaha! *side-eye* I hate people. LOL --> ": I am looking at a twitter bio that reads "i love drawing and wrighting storys "" What a wonderful event! Get up and get fit!! - Thanks Woody! Held at DEN tsa for 45 minutes because toothpaste overlapped cell charger in bag. #SDCChiHack Best Web Award goes to Quality Tabs Watching an episode of Family Guy from 1999 . The only thing that's sorta changed is the voices ! And a lil bit of the colors . Funny (: <3 hahah I remember last spring when you got your letter and you put it on fb...#thirdtimesacharm if the pigs stay away. Things are going great - extremely busy these days. How are you doing? nah it was in honor of Bynum and Phil Jackson Sipping gin with the boys for a good cause! Baylor doesn't stand a chance. next time try the fucking hostile focaccia. I think may have coined that one. I want to start a vinyl collection. student talking to lib assistant behind me has most adorable southern belle accent. Feel homesick now. I thought you meant to say you "really" despise me lol Succumbing to this Fifty Shades of Grey nonsense, but *only* because I'm sick. Seriously, I feel embarrassed to be reading it. its weird how my new lil man looks like just like me The Age of Limitless Competition: for most of us, it ends up with nothing. Sunday Funday - Baby Maker Style?? 99.7 The Blitz will be airing one of our songs tonight at 10pm in anticipation for our show on July 23rd with Twenty One Pilots! Today's the day! #BlackRadio is out! 2nd show added on Wednesday... Congrats to ! If #decker has a serious knee injury he can thank i lovee twitter :) hey former student of ur yoga class! Got me? what does that suppose to mean lol I thought Mississippi to Africa was going 2 be my summer read. I couldn't put it down. Only took 7 days to read. Great Work! 20 pages of homework. THEY'RE TRYING TO KILL ME. the show.? Happy Birthday ! Lovers dance when there feelin in love spotlight shinning it's all about us whoa someone sounds angry I won't be home lol I can't call in or listen :( work any missing persons cases like in the 80s? We are waiting for the new bride to make her grand appearance in Champagne Palace <U+0001F48D> C O N G R A D U L A T I O N S<U+0001F389> Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club. I wanna dance with somebody- my favorite Whitney Houston song. <3 rip <U+0001F633><U+0001F633><U+0001F633>RT : The clap turned into a standing ovation then the wave....#oomf moms booty does this.... I wish i was there also baby. I miss you terriably :( ...forever" It would be the biggest Garden ever because I Love To Laugh & Smile ! :) :D XD in the words of the ever eloquent Ke$ha: "I like your beard" holler at that one. ACCEPT UR FUCKING GORGEOUS. Will I be going to Miami to work for 5 months?...this is so sudden, I just don't know what to do!!!! My baby cousin Lexi is so cute! ((: Thanks for sharing. That's an interesting article. ^AW I have been listening to that for at LEAST 2 hours tonight! On replay! And on YouTube watching your videos!.(: Iloveyou(: Woke up with a scratch on my nose. I don't own a cat. Damn you Jameson. So true. Dry calm weekend, unfortunately. Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :) starting now w getting back in tune Luke Scott lines out to Gonzo. End of the inning Getting ready for E. #roc parade. Too hot for this tonight i wish i could stay mad at people..but i always end up forgiving them.. What do you mean it's not Saturday?? I totally tried sleeping in... I'm actually really excited to see the music video for BOYFRIEND!! Its Currently 54 degrees, hopefully climbing to 64 in Detroit today. STS-GRIOT would like to welcome spring with open arms! Monday Night and another great class at our exclusive Beer School at Taproom. Come by or call for details at 212 725-4766 Grt! RT : Filtering through notes from Some pretty nice wines in attendance, and a well organized event. with three dipping sauces?!? Nice! I should be doing my homework. So much for applying myself. I guess no Princeton for me thenn. :| Excellent! Hope they worked well! So can you state your position clearly so we aren't so confused? What does #toomanylaws have to do with it? people keep saying that law can't keep up w/ tech. right. But if it's designed right, law doesn't have to play catch-up This just in! Special offer: Get 20% off of your next order RIGHT NOW! Use flyer code 9s! Thanks to our AMAZING customers and pass it on!... ABC announces 'Glass House,' Big Brother-style reality show that enables ... - New York Daily News But great to see you FINALLY admit, at least implicitly, that allowing gay marriage would enhance individual liberty. Another class act - there should be more people like her - Pat Summitt steps aside as coach of Lady Vols Come on by Talin Market for lunch and Oz has FREE Mobile Hot Spot for customers. Back from the Caribbean. Tonight- family dinner to commemorate my Dad. It's been 7 long years since we lost him. Still miss him. Apparently many of you were far more emotionally invested in TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes than I. yes, there was a Wishbone Phantom. :-) Just watched mark zuckerberg on 60 min. FB is taking over! Big changes tomorrow:) Nerd luv :) hi! im from long island and interested in coming(: im in the group on fb too! What is a special memory of being loved on Valentines Day that you can share with me? #everygirl deserves a guy just like ;) Clairemont has the BEST mexican food in San Diego... Sorry to say, but you're bat shit crazy if you argue that. If you're at the event today, look for in the gray UD basketball t-shirt! Talked to middle school kids today about starting their first newspaper - hope some of them stay interested! Lol, You Ok? That say no to smoking commercial is :o cool video. 2 things I liked (other then the cool news items) google's use of all their media tools, and he aside on the iPhone4 true. do u think parents who want the best educ 4 their kids have reason 2 want 2 go 2 chartrs? & there r parallel Qs in hc I love painting my nails :) #it'ssofun ! :) I don't understand why we want what we can't have. Why we can't be content with what we have now? GO OSPREYS!! Thanks for the follow! I'm beginning to think that #mountunion and #uw-whitewater are the only two teams that play division 3 football #TILTS2011 Or y Pr: empire thoroughly de-centered in Mass Empire. Collaboration among species (no "people" or 'culture") always selfish Lmao : what happens when black people get on wife swap !! Epic #quote:"If I don't eavesdrop, I've got nothing to tweet about". Going through all the notes/handouts from #acte11. I may manage a blog post later about the conference. try drinking a Lot of water that should be able to stop your Hiccups :) Lets go Haters don't really hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be. Poor, confused people. just my point Thanks! We really appreciate you sharing that article. #IPNC2010 and I'm eating paella with all the chefs and volunteers. Chef Berger is really starting to tell stories... I have a weird love for hip bones. China unveils new economic plan Erick's Last morning show with us :( He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston! Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry when u gttn mines thankfs for the #FF! Enjoy your weekend! My Life Is So Beautiful=(!! #sabres are winning Somebody needs to figure out how to deep fry a salad The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does. #What2ChainsWouldSay I'm ridin mario cart, 2chainz hot like a pop tart, I play the movie no pause got my sack SANTA CLAUSE! Praise God. Take your time and be ready for me to talk trash during football season :) -- See you in NY I will tell the front desk to tell you my room number Dearborn Truck not in production today in honor of MLK Day holiday; Rouge Tours are still running. How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same? you're so sweet! Thanks angie! Hope to see you soon! So office people, if you thought that "staying up" for the Super Bowl was an excuse for not going to work, you thought wrong. thanks Michael! I appreciate that! Looking forward to reading your writing. gkb Just because I don't text you first or talk to you, don't mean I'm not thinking about you. i didn't think you'd be able to go, so i didnt ask (x RT : "relationships, not transactions." ...just gave me a reason to stop caring and trying..... Ga peaches welcome #gacollegereunion at #mansionelan this friday hey go check your facebook messages asap...i'll b at work till 4:30 so hurry IPhone V.S. Android???? apple makes everything, android makes phones.... IPhone wins!!! RT if you agree! I wish i was a guy it's not fair D: Love you! WOW! A sure sign I've lived in #LA for too long...I am looking up #protein shakes in England for when I'm there in 1 week! RT : This kid looks so like MAC from always sunny... So true Disappointed that Marty brooks isn't playing tonight... See baby I got missed calls and emails all goin into detail bout how you used to love me I keep changin like the leaves so go. Happy mothers day Dont hesitate to hate never going to quit. thats to easy. i'm a fighter for what i believe in.twugs kisses oh this week's #soup is fantastic! astro being the man per the usual That hipnotis at the after prom was totally legit!! Thank God it's almost Monday! I can't take these total loser football weekends. 0 fer 5. It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. ~Chief Seneca I'm done. if you are REO Speedwagoning it .... I'm in. Was hoping some of my friends would be cool enough to go to that show. Spread the word! Tonight legendary 2x Oscar nominee singer /songwriter Carol Connors on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Whats your biggest pet peeve? Which works, as I'm sure Boy George would love to dress like you. ;-) The view from the airport is lovely. Looking forward to Milwaukee in a few hours. ah. how come my dogs hate me but not my sister.. :O it's like my parents to. I love when everything you ordered online comes on the same day! I really miss and such a solid call! Thanks for the follow! I think your WikiMommy site will help out a dad like me too! :) Code red WBA is in the buildikg RT : Tweeting in the white house, no big deal Good night bro! so great seeing you guys on the stage again u killed it! I bet you can't even sleep! lol Mark your calendars for Bead Fest Philly, August 20-23! Many fabulous classes still available! thanks! I believe it was the publisher and author's response to some feedback on the original. I appreciate your support! Charlotte, North Carolina "Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C. S. Lewis Whereas when King tosses off bad sentences/dialogue - which he does all the time - it's at least hilarious. not river north. Hahaha I just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me I'll find any reason possible to ride my bike. Kind of like Twitter in a way. :P Oh wow. That's awesome! Lunch tomorrow sounds good. What time works for you? ROTFLMBO! Please please turn to SOUTH BEACH TOW on TRU TV!!! THIS IS THE FUNNIEST SHOW EVER! LOL! Long Live BERNICE - The Tow Queen! LOL LOL Oosthuizen for double eagle to take the lead... Wow REALLY? No shame there! It's never too late :) This is the perfect time for bike riding, too! "what about pinterest???" Now I'm #verklempt. Talk amongst yourselves. Here, I'll give you a topic. The Partridge Family were neither Partridges nor a family. Discuss paying some attention to my neglected social media everything. anyone wanna talk? <3 :)) Us too! Congrats again! See you on 6/21! RT: We are so excited about June Market & #SOTYawards! I miss hanging out with my best friend all the time :( your tweets about austin are amazing, follow back?:)xox hit me @ mrsarlove and we can discuss it Over under on GOP defections on Ryan budget was 13 so under wins as ten Republicans defect. HEY HOW U DOIN imy2 :/ ill be back tomorrow! Can you hook up my hair this week? ;3 Thurs maybe? Plzzz! <3 My shit just tweaked hard! We're curious: what's your favorite New York-themed movie or play?? Nooks for our birthdays. First observation: Nook start up time = a couple minutes; Book = instant. To put on an evening gown and take private copter ride to the top of the alps to get dumped on national tv...that would suck. Happy International Beer day! this calls for a celebration ;) I'M ON IT thanks for choosing It was delish! Connect your and get ;) Hello World! Good organic rule of thumb I just learned. If you eat the skin eat Great Fun In Oconomowoc I wish I was a little bit taller... I love you ...just to be clear, I did not come up with that on my own, but dude did have a compelling argument Oh, goodness. Stay safe--thinking of you!!! Upset Alert: #UMass leads 75-71 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over #21 #Temple. Huge win for Minutemen So do red heads w/ bewbs Twitter Friends!! ---> Please follow & download the app for FREE TEXTING!! You will #LOVE :) Finished my physical science project. just wait till we get taco bueno in Houston No ambition RT : Look around , we just some young dudes trying to upgrade our clothes and automobiles now theres only love in the dark . Sometimes I wonder why u converse with this this big bitch.. she is the worse!! Make more margsRT : My mason jar is filled with margarita I'm with my bests and the tv is on the thunder game thanks for the Happy Friday! Today is going to be another cool 52°F. What are your plans this weekend? #biking? #snowshoeing? Have an #Adventure! Music Theory. Best class of the day! Thanks!! Have a great weekend! Who is getting ready to go Streaking!?? you have him on twitter? How long til McShay knocks him for indecision? Wow...New Hampshire....maybe I was wrong when I called it the Texas of the North...so did that Medical Marijuana bill go though too? So who likes Diggy Diss on J. Cole? The Handy Craftsman is looking to partner with locally run websites, blogs and small businesses. Please contact Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again...... R.I.P. Mamaw Judy happy birthday mama!!!!!!! Love. You. What up Allen! Well put! Going to retweet to our followers. Perhaps you'll be interested in our prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org thanks "my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me" "oops its 11:13" Lebron so clutch have you heard song #boyfriend ??? I know what you're going through hahaha. You don't have to tell me I was just asking. Hahahaha(: Awesome! Can't wait to see it! finished recording for the new Nadus Films project and filmed DVD extras last week. let me in through the elevator ya fuck! How hard is is it? Q6: be an overachiever without stepping on toes and soak up as much as you can. Hey Taylor! Are you currently searching for an apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help! you are the luckiest person I've ever met, well saw on twitter. lol. I herd that place goes for 5000 for one weekend. . lol. Aww I hate when I put incorrect punctuation in my tweets! please if u follow me u made my dream Went 2a hot breakfast spot&they were out of pancakes? Thats not ok!? Um, there should be a sign on the door! Is Starbucks out of coffee 2?? I cant describe how much of a fan i am n 140 characters but i have mad <3 4 wat u have done n who u have became FOLLOW ME <3 Never mind. Main event time. Drake Younger vs. Jimmy Jacobs in a deathmatch. My panicked puppy woke me when the thunder started. Now I can't go back to sleep! poor , not included lol There are some anniversaries you just don't want to celebrate. :( lol right!? Ughh...I want a sexy boss...one who isn't married or attached lol...sent the story...can't nap, must go to class 0_o #FF the wise seem absurd these days. You're welcome Cara -- have a great weekend! official Project after party Tues Feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be AMAZING Watching Duck Dynasty, new show on A&E. If you're a crazy duck hunter, like me, try it. Why thank you, I thought they looked great tonight as well ;) Paul I luvved that Tyson took that pic of the crowd "surfing" that birthday cake up to you! :-) Time to get right. Cups up Are you there, Chelsea? is so not funny. Don't make fun of redheads. My mom is a redhead. And could write a better script than this show. #HeartHasAMindOfItsOwn By Download link in description NJOY! Mom and I are doing brunch again tomorrow if you wanna join...11ish? 4o minutes til Christmas:) bedtime or Santa will skip my house:) wait he lives in my house:) his name is dad:) #CHRISTMAS SPIRIT:) jus swag in who up mention me #SM2012 panel, did you know you all trended today? Hi! I'm terrible at art but enjoy it anyway! I do meditate and it does help with pain some. I like all science & technology Foundations of Faith: 4. Conviction goodnight . text mee :D ; i love you . which one? Oops. I forgot to let Satan's Little Helper out when Smokey finished his dinner. HD FOOTAGE yes please So what do you think of the new Starbucks rebrand? 15 more school days! 11 for me! not sure about super powers, but if you put your sack in there it will grow expontially. RT : Wikipedia's list of #SNL eps indicates a 3 week stretch in '96 with music guests Foo Fighters, Silverchair and Bush. Brutal. I agree! Is there a tech meltdown in San Diego today? Servers down at work, fax machines not working, Bberry not picking up email. What gives? As it turns out, a gay man's money is just as green as everyone else's. Isn't that right, Republicans? I love you and will continue to pray for you each and every day! Be Encouraged! --- your kidding me?! serious? Thank goodness for ! Happiest of Birthdays to you Alisa!! May your day today be as fabulous as you are! XO Sounds good! Love every show that is on... He always speaks his mind Looking forward to seeing all of you at Eugenio's on Saturday evening! "I". "*I* just turned around". Bah. Stupid uneditable Twitter. Listening to "selby Avenue" we had a house on this street growing up it was a happy time for our family. Tonight (3/18): Anyway You Want It will be playing the best rock covers live at Hard Rock Cafe. Tix at the door starting at 10PM! thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday! I'm not really looking to Pawn. I wanna sell. Started a playgroup w/ a mom in San Diego for kids 3 and under w/ food allergies. Anyone in area interested in joining? Message me. My heart still breaks today as we remember the tragedy that took place 10 yrs ago today. Dam she got a phat ass!!!..I hope its real.. I've found when giving talks that students are interested in real world advice. They don't too much of that from the profs. Apparently the average height of Dutch women is 6'0". That almost seems unfair. In the meantime, does anyone have any experience using AirParrot on OS X Lion? Office hours. Maybe having them in one, three hour chunk was not the best idea. I'm always interested in my children's education. All children for that matter so I will join and retweet. Decisions, decisions...where did I put that crystal ball? Misinformation is a big problem when dealing with health issues - I always laugh when that girl from the stupid commercial says "latte plese" in the french accent. OMFG LMFAO IDK WHY DOE PLEASE RESPOND JESS! We need more great moms who will _________. Praying for the miners! Actually it was across from B Marsh. He could be a Welker on the right team. The Office is better after midnight. Good day to let the dogs loose and have a cold one. Come see us! Spotted: Eric bogosian and girl checking out Laurie Simmons imported sex doll photography show at salon 94 on Bowery We will be leading worship at Calvary Baptist on Nov. 20-21. Looking forward to see what God has in store. The Cubs are running out of time (or have run out) to snag a spot in the playoffs. Wait for it.....There is always next year Shout 2 TeamLilKim! Hope everyone has a great day!! I think you can hate something, even though that is a pretty strong word, and still appreciate it! try assigning the external drive a new drive letter that doesn't conflict with ur DVD. Something like E: or F:. Know how? Sweet! Watch out for my fastball though! Payin a lil trib 2 Whitney's #ILookToYou album. Not the voice we r used 2, but still some good Whit pop/soul Keep up the great work in Georgia! People who live in the moment >>> Feeling adventurous? 4.2.0 beta is out! Tons of new features. I'm updating the docs now. Please let me know of any issues on github. Two hours looking for some paperwork, and still haven't found it. Happy Sunday..Just returned from Orlando, Fla to celebrate Casa Latino 1 yr anniversary awesome meeting n luncheon on Sat. Congrts Carmen! Let's face it, the state created the mess it is in and now its a political hot potato to get out. Going after RDAs is short term. I've let the bullshit slide for bout 6 months reached my limit run and tell em that. Cuz that's the truth that's as they say "real talk" lol LoL, that's what I figured! But I'll make sure I put you on the guest list when I throw the next one! :D Bombay Ranch tonight :-) Thank's guys for all the #FF's and shoutouts will make sure to return them all soon x For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. John 3:17 I need a love that's crazy, don't you see. I'm looking for someone who can handle me. Need a fire so hot, that it burns me. My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun. follow me?(: <333 i'm sure there's at least one dude in a pinstripe hoodie It really put a smile on my face! cc; D3 as in Diablo 3? Because I'm about to take a hammer to the copy of that game in this house... Me either... I don't like that kinda "music" or Boy/Girl Bands in general... too many singers doin one song just Sucks! lol :) I went to to see All I here in my school of people talking about how 1D cute or how Zayn or Harry so. Sexy like I luv how they say good things about 1D <3333 RT : Facebook buys instagram. Finally, some news that affects white people. #nashville tonight at we are in the round with Pete Sallis, Chas Sandford, Lisa Carver and Bethany Dick-Olds.630pm. It's a new week! Soccer training tonight for the boys from 6-9PM in Boynton Beach. good part is im not eating late being a lard! Great event at Poetry Foundation last night. William Blake's poems set to rockabilly music. Dig it. do u still RT and tweet your fans? :) Jcrew is a good example of a retailer combating the showrooming effect effectively. Lebron always manages to get brought up smh nigga we play tomorrow #TuneIn bitches its #TeamHeat or suck Dick for coke *bob saget voice* on the mend after weekend staph infection! lunch at ! Why, twitter? Why? Yes but only if frank does the voice : you guys have to let Dig Tussy do a segment on "News You Have To Figure Out" Google owns the algorithm via Adwords, Apple owns it 4 ITunes. Who will prevail of the 3 in books? Don't allow thoughts of failure or even defeat anywhere near your mind But it's okay, God will be with me. :D that "form" was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics... Maulers - Asa, Rotties - Shockin', Asa takes lead and absolutely burnt up the track yeah, the gyroscope + body temp drops during sleep. #scienceFTW! LOVE a great smelling man....ohweeeee me too! until that one episodes when she dreamed of everyone dancing at the indian restaurant. that was just weird... as dirt. Im just glad 2 be out da heat.... Electronic Cigarette starter kits from $34.50 If you've thinking about switching now is the time! www.genxvapor.com > Mr. Von Hart, I've always said you were the sharpest mind and snappiest dresser in the office. #CCSS Math Practices & Cap of Lit Individual stress creativity, independence, problem-solving. Eugene White from : Need to build a culture where kids WANT to complete their education I USE TEW THINK LOOKS WAS EVERYTHING ..BUT NA MY HAPPINESS IS MRE IMPORTANT I prepare myself for the worst but pray for the best. : Lots of excitement in store for Gail Boyd Artist Management! Cute song ! Looking good in the purple. :) That's my sis-in-law's name. She hates this song, but I love it! Netfix has no good movies I only remembered I'd purchased the stream about ten minutes ago. Lot of choppiness on my end so far. Showing a solo to a costume designer AND rehearsing a new video project tonight. Jerry Sandusky's favorite rap lyric: "F*ck the state penn, f*ck hoes in Penn State" sorry, passed out right after tweet-bitching lol Storms. #chickenshit ... le sigh. maybe bick your head and keep the mutton chops? hello. will you follow me??? Mayweather needs to stay the hell off the ropes! youre awesome. Let us know what you think :] lol. I haven't been working the past couple of days Happy New Year! Here are the top 10 #concerts of 2010 - www.theconcertstage.com/blog/index.html Now THAT sounds like a winning idea....see you then! "the minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long" <U+0001F499> Thanks SO much Yuri! You rock. get better soon!!! In Rain Man/Planes, also trying to get to LA/Chicago...lovable moron with straight man who comes around in the end...hijinx ensue! thanks so much! Really looking forward to getting the cute outfits. Got customers eager as well. very cool! Can I pass on to the editors ? Hey you, yea you with the hair hey girl! If you texted me again and I didn't answer, my phone died lol People who use Y.O.L.O for everything have NO life.....kthxbye Going live to the big room with Imagine Dragons at 1p! Talk about Hunger Games, I'm STARVIN'! THE FOCUSED MIND IS THE ONE MOVIN MOVIN WIT ORDER _ GROWN MEN NEED TO HAVE AN ORDER TO THEMSELF IF NOT THEY MOVE AS BABYS TO A BOTTLE Why is everyone talking about God today. This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible & it was actually upsetting me. Lewis Hamilton is a wanker. where's my crabcake?? I am movin' and groovin'.... That is, when I'm not sleep-walkin'! Lol Jesus is real and will save your soul! if reads this i might just passout until next week!!!! HAHAHA #daydreaming <3 If dubstep doesn't make you horny, get better speakers. Melo! RT : Paul Pierce or Carmelo Anthony last shot?? I'm taking "The Truth" my opinion tho Are you planning on attending the networking 6-8 tonight? I'll look for you. Just getting home from church!! Can we say, Amazing!!! Shhh! Don't tell anyone...I haven't even got out of my jams! ;P need a hype man? Cuz I got this You should try Atlanta! loling at your tweet It's going to be cohesive. see you in the back channel today RT : Coffee in hand, logged online. Now ready for #smbmad this morning can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 349 RT : Quietly waiting for Russ West outfit <- THAT Looper might have a panel at Comic Con. HELL TO THE YES Happy Birthday Mr. Tate!! We have a scoop! Dan Cederholm () announces Pears, an open source WordPress theme. pea.rs why is everyone watching the notebook tonight? filling up my fb and twitter feeds.. I am so excited to meet the cast of this year's race. The energy and spirit of this crew will keep us warm. Here in this moment i surrender to your love. Okay, now I get why people where sunglasses indoors. Just got a glimpse of my hungover self in the mirror. Not pretty..lol don't see a suspension coming, however warranted it may be. Knock my light out! ;) Finished cutting "Strawberries" 2D glass piece for Art in the Gardens! Now I have TWO pieces to foil! Lol It can also lead to you being dropped from your auto insurance company due to your extra risk factor you pose to their coverage Happy Mothers day to all the great mothers in the world don't forget the little guy Hahahaha Ah perfect -- my thanks! Clearly a more complex genealogy of "spiritmeat" than I originally assumed. Have A Good Day Loovee!!!! please follow she is you biggest fan!86 bruh. What happened to your bed?? I'll be on in a second #in I will be today in San Francisco I hate having to take test. playoff tickets I Want life is such a Ibn El-Sharmoota some times Just gonna walk away before i do something stupid...FUCK designating titles... Let's keep going! Lost without music There is not enough nirvana in my life. whats been good man im tryna find some management dude i <U+2665> you, please follow me! That is a good point. Just b/c they are on the pg doesn't mean they see the benefits of the product. Who would YOU like to see come for Festival Flamenco 2012? Let us know!! Malcom McClaren, former manager of the Sex Pistols and the New York Dolls, passed away this morning. RIP Gonna see my girl friday. Hell yeah That sounds AMAZING. Thanks for following! Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners? Just getting better every day, Janet. No one ages that fast! thanks I just tweeted it Great show, learned so much, best theme song in history. This song ugh. RT You even sleep over sometimes but we stay in our clothes. I'm only there so you're not alone. I think I ate too many desserts today. Ñot pushy, just a gentle shove :) Thanks for the RT. Too little too Late, re: Obama Jobs package, Banks seem to have gotten much better deal! Digger Phelps is lucky he doesn't use Twitter! ESPN should have him apologize to the Kentucky fans he put down like we were his kids. Eww nasty guy decides to whistle at me when I'm with my dad -.- like really ? t-.- Smalltalk programmers would say so; some of those features got dropped from VA when it became Eclipse, though Any pools open today? It's gonna be a hot one. Headed to the 'ham to celebrate the wedding of and David Farris. Hope this day is spectacular for you both! lol I'm going for a ride later ;) do you #hashtag when you talk at the dinner table? 6:29 pm ET kickoff? MT #BCS source to SN: want to make the champ game--through the 4 teams + 3 games--more like the Super Bowl Pretty funny. Thanks for sharing. Just tried to send a message on the site, but I'm getting an error. Any other way I can message you guys? polar bears can jump. I've seen it happen. How is the food quality there? I have been wanting to try it but I did not know it was already open. RT Start your weekend off with SOUL DIVINE in 505 Fusion or catch SON COMO SON in Lucha tonight! to hangout Always happy to spread the news gospel! See y'all tonight TX reunion dinner! Two: its said that men go through four stages in life, make sure you understand each stage and know where your man stage I'm going to erase you from my life as much as I possibly can. my pick for GOTY is red dead redemption hands down such a good story and crazy ending this game is amazing in so many levels Use two-sided arguments to make points. Approaches that admit multiple views R more convincing than a one-sided litany. "Meg,daddy loves ya but daddy also loves star trek,and in all fairness,Star Trek was here first" Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot. And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me. I'm on the road to riches but its just a lil traffic Former Spurs guard George Hill gets the start tonight for the Indiana Pacers in their playoff opener against the Orlando Magic If my class for writing a business plan is teaching me anything… its to stop planning and get to work. . things that need to be done are critical. just stepping in and shouldering obvious burden. GO GO GO MAGIC Do not let me down How do u look suspicious walking down the street talking to ur girlfriend on the phone? How do u feel threatened by a kid? Ur half his age Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn! *coming back to the house* *packing the food and preparing the cooler for drinks* good morning How often have we said that before?! MT : ... Now if they'd only bring in Reveen... Good morning all! Doing some #1940census #indexing arbitration to start the day. Brilliant. You win. Great tour of UCLA University Archives and Biomedical & YRL Special Collections yesterday. Thanks to for the reception! are you trapped in the closet like R. Kelly?! you're about to get a taste of your own medicine. hope you like it. What are you working on? Cathleen Kaveny: working for autonomy and solidarity means working for justice and the common good Disparate Youth - Santigold die in a hole #Instagram is the most amazing app ever invented :o The Coolest & Most Swagged Big Boy I Know, Lol & Smh << Ahh, repurposing half-finished posts as discussion topics. Interesting. we are up to 40 amazing makers rich now. Are you interested in stopping by to check things out? Tuesday @ 7PM is a good time. :) Ok I admit I have made a few trying! get back Online DAMN GOOFY. The show will be available across multiple formats so if folks want to access it the right way - i.e. legally - it will be easy. idk , im being called up from J.V so 2mm is my first varsity game ever People need to stop going to LA. lmao “: Most costly iPhone auto correct ever? It apparently changed 'sing Levon' to 'sign Livan'.” We are HEAR TO PARTY , and we won't stop until your all smiling :) H2P Hey you should give us a listen if you have time :) I HATE MY LIFE :/ you know it"s true lol our panel used screen mages extensively. Rutch on crutch yea seriously getting the gears in motion for the movement Okay, cool.. so people don't do that on here? Swear I Dont Like People For Nothing Ya Buffs! i miss Cullen in the #greenandyellow. dude is a monster. Thanks for being so cool! Do you have need for a Sales Rep / Full-Cycle, Direct Hire, Executive Recruiter with a clinical background and 12+ years of consultative sa… 3 shows to go. At Universal I'll smoke u again Love it when comes into my mathematics! How long are you in NY.. I land 2morrow. What?! Clearly I need to get out of the office more.. ;) If you don't think you're making a difference in someone's life just do what I do and blow dry your hair at 11:42 PM to be sure. Special shout out to ...She's the bomb-diggity dawg. Bliss April 26th Deadline for this issue of Community Links Is Tomorrow , Friday 22nd . Call now for your discounted advertising rates 323-965-1544 ext103 … The freedom from His Spirit will always bind us to His character. J Alvarez sexy [; m <U+2665> I thought 11/11/11 was Herman Cain's plan on steroids. How to Pitch a VC: 11 Insider Secrets... You know I can see this, right? Wow walked all the way to AH cuz I thought I left my book there, just to realize I didn't bring my book to class, I looked off someone else RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download< mediafire Glad you liked our work Corina. The haircut had to be done. I was slowly becoming a ponytail guy. *shudder* Ah, that felt good. its okay better not be talkin about Haters don't even like themselves , so of course they hate you... Just stepped out back to take out the trash and saw the tree with the lights in it. that's what we're counting on you to do! kc loves claire!! Treat Mom to great cupcakes or mini cupcakes. Both bakeries open Sat. 10-4. Westside bakery open this Sunday 10-2. Maybe cause my dad forced us 2 drink it all the time since he said he didn't want short kids. <U+E40D> “: That moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you both are thinking and laugh.” Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights here. The world is so vast, Twitter swollen with internationals and here we are both Bx!!! Im at the meatpacking district at the armani party Awards and great reader reviews - #TheRealtors - Can't wait for the cable series! Dear boobs, Why must you grow?!?! Love Kels. Thanks, for the #FF David. Excited about spending the night with *yawn* Almost done with Season 3 of SG1, but now is the time for sleeping. Yes.... Friday 5pm yeah that's right it's Martini time. The weekend starts now! Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at #porkapolooza at - can't believe I'm missing the entire #porkapalooza !! Anyone up for a late lunch on the south side of Columbus? Anne Amie Vineyards is hosting a wine tasting for residents in The Sapphire Room tonight from 7pm to 9pm. Come for wine, food, and friends. “: aren't there also vodka martini's? Might be a naive question.” if it doesn't have gin it's just a fancy shot For Her thanks for the mention RT Let us know what you all want us to tweet about! Lighting,bedroom,outdoor? YOUR DM AIN'T OPEN.. SEND ME YOUR NUMBER ON FACEBOOK NOW! I GOTTA PUT U ON A LICK! Ugh I hate that I can't see all of your tweets now! And it will take forever to follow 500 ppl on this account *sigh* No, but are you and the rest of 343? I'm too old for Vegas PS - please don't tweet about my mom -> she's a minister (I'm the son of a preacher(wo)man!) - would hate to make things weird! ;) Oh my gosh I still can't believe how much I love giving head. If I were thinner could I find more penis? cuz i dont want to duh happy birthdaaaayy!! :D fav organic model technique: extrude the whole length (shoulder to nail, chin to jaw angle, etc) then interpolate. Helps dodge lumps. "Our needs drive our behaviors" Listening to a masterful teacher at Glasser quality school speak @ meeting student needs Ha. RT : Takeaway: some people still read the Chronicle of Higher Ed. I love my girl friend so much:-D Leaving NC Mnts today. Sadness whats good!!!! tweet tweet... Reading Love and Shame and Love, by Peter Orner. Characteristically awesome. Thanks for the follow back! Check out our design blog and forum, www.wearelux.com You must get good at one of two things;planting in the spring or begging in the fall. Jim Rohn has the best empanadas and coffee around! Let's resay that..fast forward to when gets his diploma! Didn't work for Holmgren either HAHAHA why you hope so? LOL Great job fair today from , Inc. Great value, informative, resourceful. Thanks! the first rule of Notional Secret Agreements is "you do not talk about ..." I'll be back Thursday (; Congrats on the 2011 Virginia Sportswriter of the Year award. The road to wisdom is never ending. Stop off at playgrounds and dancefloors! Here in Boston we had 10 days of Sunshine for the whole month of June the rest was rain. I hope July bring better weather. WTF!!! To the musician singing outside my house for the marathon. Please stop butchering good music. ima just cool it tonight. The weather is all shitty anyways. This match is incredible He he. I just said the opposite as I got my coffee: "YES! Sunny!" (We UCI-folk like to rub it in.) Tomorrow's sessions is gonna be FIRE! hey boo Man I am bummed about Whitney Houston passing. Thanks for the great share! I'm excited about this! I love how people will like spill out there hearts on the YouTube Comments Section I LOVE dreaming of Kate I feel like he isnt going to make me a drink anymore Officials report Teagan Marti has been upgraded to fair condition after falling 100 feet to the ground on a WI Dells free-fall ride. There's a point in life when you start to realize who matter, who NEVER did; and who ALWAYS will!!! #DELETINGGARBAGE2DAY ;-) OMG Game of Thrones... Let kids/students catch a mistake you make speaking.Conveying this info, a way great to develop expressive language skills.catch mine? awe...makes me miss The South...I am from GA! Although I Love CA, just not the same! :) Longest match ever today against park hill. Twitter always crashes on my iPod. It's so freaking annoying. thanks ru bang bang Just saw the A CoopNews! Squeeee! Aeyo havent heard from u n a minute!! :) #JbSWAGGIN OUT STILL also, is still super hot. not debatable. tagalong cookie blizzard! what will they come up w/ next to foil my attempts @ healthy eating? maybe one with little debbies? I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh had a blast... Great to see u too! Nice pic with Carrie.. Who does ur lighting? It looks like these Amazon deals are fluctuating as the day goes on. Some deals may expire soon. if ur teaching the first row fans, don't forget to make sure they DO get in the way of the opposing team... (i.e. the d-bags fan) Tuesdays were so great this season! Thank you to our live hosts and Candice Brain, and to our crew! fell in sand & got it stuck to him xDDD that means I'm comin over no, that's not emilio you're looking at, it's his disgusting drug addicted brother charlie, lol. Campus is downright spooky today, it's so quiet. What are your summer plans? I always miss the nice people. Sue me. my mom is okay with it cus she's a directioner but the problem is my dad :/! i hope i'll go Liked Limitless, very cool Wait I thought that was Thelma & Louise ==> I think that's one you love or hate. For me, the car going off the cliff sealed it Stoked to go pay 5 dollars to park at the gym thats a pain in the ass to get to. Really pumps me up. No android app? That was cool, haha. Sleep tight! Will keep her in my thoughts. So sad to have to leave early. Looking forward to hearing the results of the roundtable discussions! with all of the wrong picks you made this year, how the hell are you making money anywhere? Ppl get on mah mutha fuckin nerves!!! Prime reason I don't fuck with many people.... Ppl be on to.much BS... Wait, it just got good. Person yelling on phone. "But, Chris we don't need to buy those." I like to buy the books she personally recommends. I figure she knows a good book, I'm singing & a panelist @ "SISTERS ON THE MOVE," @ CLARK-ATLANTA UNIVERSITY, Sat. Oct. 22, 11AM. FREE event! On Business Entertmnt Panel. ": Beauty!!!! I miss ya sends u *kisses*!!" <--- aww! How have been??... I miss u too!!! I am extremely busy its horrible! All you need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt! Bff! I fucking miss you! You've abandoned me! X,( 4k more on the Historic Boardwalk. No supplies. I miss my Zombies. Township Abel, I'll be back soon! got it homie Starving .. Cannott wait to be at dinner with the cousins !. 2days shit list contains names of any1 still sleeping while I begrudgingly make myself Work Ready I also intend on slandering ur good name Bitch ima monsta, no good blood sucka, fat mutha fucka now looks whos in trouble as u run through my jungle all u here is rumbles New Followers Thank you! Mall Today !(: Advice for young designers about realities of the workplace? DM me. Speaking to college class tomorrow. Want to give them good tips. Cardinal pressure finally gets to them RXPC on watch for bottom.... I think you covered it, on my last plane for the day... Less than an hour until I arrive in Fort Myers!!! rip smokin joe Hey Beverly. Bringing back Reaching Latinos Online. Look for an invitation from for a chat! hell yea do it bro Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros - very sweet, wonderful, lovely... Locals , I Feel Adventurous and Acrylic Lies have all been added to the show on October 30th at The Polish Club. A Darker Side of Things and let me know what you think. Please forward this message to all of your family and friends. Anybody else having trouble with #fiverr? I'm not getting any response This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me one of The Information Age's larger ills, IMO - who lost the f-ing Users' Manual to these screens we bow before? Great weekend so for Basketball gods gave him his jumper back. He shot 8-12 outside the paint tonight. I'm going to bed be sure to follow ! I can understand that! Raw Power absolutely destroys Funhouse, IMO... If u ride with me you are garenteed the time of your life. Very well friend good night Miss you too! If it were to rain candy ... I'd have it rain white chocolate and then followup with cark chocolate dipped in strawberries! If I like some of these songs, is that how I know I'm a contemporary adult? "I am very philanthropically interesting" Thomas Hughes™ Great event for #SanDiegoHome&Garden! A beautiful home in La Jolla designed by Oasis Architecture! I missed your tweet spree earlier because of a rehearsal ): go to sleep. Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products. My Chicago accent doesn't translate well over Twitter? :P Maybe I should spell "cat" like "cat." You from the UP or main part? All of dem wanna drink!. really new interest-teach python/some vpython in physics-saw it might support that-in Fablab we could 3d print case+program it I still have 3 hours till ABDC Season 7 -.- some of you lucky bitches are watching it now Lmaoo damn ... Game full of struggle .... Gotta regroup and take care of business in Indy Trying to get to Denver Co. for the weekend for the Wisdom Course. Anything you contribute would help me. Cynthia true mama ! Wish I could've been with y'all today :( . I have practice tonight This dough is four days past its recommended date but I think it'll be ok. I'll just use a lot of flour. Jimmy Johns was faster than expected Welcome to the 21st century Mr. President. So glad you decided to join us in an election year you tweeted a lot last night w/a printer failure. If you finish before due date & time, you have time to troubleshoot & notify you. #MattsChance producer just joined pa & actress on thank you kind sir! I like the number 11. ha! Why is it so hard to get to follow me!? thanks so much man! hope to see you at a show in september! . The Lion, The Witch, and the Pizza Floyd boy Nigga girl please haha and nothing got early dismissal because my stomach hurt like hell. We working on the ep lately it's going to be 8 tracks so get pumped!!! about to go check out the waves! Stepped out in faith just now. Lord you know what I'm in need of. Please show up and show out Jesus! kk!!! lemme see is can find a pic of my dog how old is he? once again Crisis ! today is the most denied and forgotten day on the calendar idk what to do with you anymore Gift Cards Available My good friend Chris just gave me some great advice... He is so right... Gonna take that with me :) thanks boo <3 is my Twitter Girl Friend Follow Please shes cool and awesome Hi Ana, thank you for the follow and feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to this industry. Someone please summarize this kony video. Let's talk #Music! With love comes great understanding and patience. How else would God understand us? RT : Never let it come to blows... Unless its a job. can't wait to celebrate with you!! Were gonna have a blast! thanks for the tips ladies! Oh wait I saw that lyric thing hahaha Dont leave, but if need a new place we can help! RT Are you thinking of moving away from the noise? Trainer told me to eat my cereal with water? Da hell? I will eat dry cereal before that ishhh i love tardy for the party lol thats like the worst song VINCENT! computer triangle face ------------> :> just wanted to share :D Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something Thank you :) I don't get it about the NBA .... U play basketball... The end well I had no experience And now I make min after thirty days I get a raise and again after 90 I know! that shit was funny as hell, this land is your land. I've watched twenty times now Those things happen when you play the worst team in football. you're too funny, thats off limits, you can't talk about Larry's junk ;-) Tryna use a rubber tonight is it weird if we think of you in the shower as well? That nap was good :D :) Glad it's made it into the spoken word world. (I say it, too.) just so you know, we're getting married. love you ;-) How about create modern art? I think I might be able to #forgive you if I #getatextback !!! damn u got ode followers :O Swag drip Why do I feel like it takes FOREVER to get from Udistrict to Downtown #Seattle on #Metro? This was express too! word. every relationship u grow from & learn from do u have any friend us see every now & then I would not wait in that line for an iPad4 RT A six-year old just told me, "Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?" can we toast to the fact that both our defenses are depressing? i moved to memphis bro Hey everyone let's stay focus on our goals. If you want 2012 to be a impact in life you gotta make the moves to make it happen. I'm getting the kids getting driven link. Not the CPH trash bin link The Week Ahead: Limited Calendar of Events Focuses on Housing Data Henrik with 2 great saves at point blank range. ya but lots of underfed skinny black comedians who swear every 5th word Lawyers-you are the expert in your area of law-Trust the Marketing to us-we are your marketing experts! I'M NOT A PIECE OF MEAT Why every body at me tonight Yes please GOOD NIGHT GUYS!! <3 I love youu!!! My boyfriend doesn't even know how much trouble he's gonna be in tomorrow for falling asleep on me. <U+0001F621> and you will never have another like me yeah Tweet me a number and I'll rate your icon, BG and bio <3 True to his brand: says skip new boxed set--too expensive. Buy Louis Armstrong set instead (and "music is vastly superior") Monty designed a codec that did something like that before Vorbis. I'm not sure he finished it. Safety can be achieved with a VM. Shopping spree for my mom Annoyed, sad, depressed, pissed, irritated, heartbroken, unhappy. Words to describe my feelings. #truth thank you. Just got out of class. ^^ hope you are having a spatacular weekend thanks for the clarification. Makes a great deal more sense now. And I can't wait to see your work in person soon! I swear things never work out for me. Preschool Escapee Makes Solo Trek Home %7C ABC News Blogs - Yahoo%21 via Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!! Well, the two independent sample sizes added up to 30, but, still, the students should have known better. : Thank you for those kind words! I appreciate telling Skip the same things I want to say but do not have the floor to do it. All while staying under control. i wanted a "student athletes" opinion as well. Great day for the ! Got to finally meet and get her aboard the team! Okay just kidding...I'm not tired. I decided to make a burrito thing instead of going to bed. loool. Good morning everyone coming from the Big Island of Hawaii. Have an awesome Tuesday PPSS closes for the season on Saturday. Come get one last snowcone :) Doc Rivers: "[KG] clearly was not the only one [moving on the picks]. ... We put ourselves in that position." Dust my hands off and keep it TF movin lol So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while. Thoroughly enjoyed #thehungergames - Judianna Makovsky's costuming was brilliant. I am going to work at a Labor Ready branch today. I have to be there at 6. Ugh! oh that sounds fun! I like designer brand stores. :P Thanks for a great 300th Episode of The Shakedown tonight! Now, on to 600! Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay You have no idea how much I do for you, and you don't even care. I have to give props to Del Park's poker room.... I already followed your twitter and blogger.I can't follow your blogger yesterday,there sth wrong with it. Now I can follow I believe in God's plan of Salvation through Christ Jesus! ...LOOK for the UNEXPECTED & AMAZING!!! As ALWAYS..." LIVE LIFE" so well, that even DEATH loves to see you "EXIST"!!! The head engineer is being paid $12 an hr to this day! Fuck #Paramount they charge clients $1200 a day and pay engineers $12 an hr We will offer a one day only special in honor of of the Dr. Martin Luther King Holiday! Check back for details! So...I wonder who is in the pick up basketball game with PORTUS this weekend at Camp David? Just announced: Teresa A. Sullivan is the new President of UVA -- first female president we've had. You know rocks out with her socks out, she Skipped her birthday party last year to play Halo Reach with us! Better cross-check their MySpace account RT : I just replied to someone who has an AOL e-mail address. I hope it's a real person. ROUGH few years (medically & financially)... Hard to keep my chin up... I'll accept donations (including large ones). Ha... :( lol I'm cool with that If you're #latino don't wait 'till Sunday to congrat your mom, give her a huge hug & kiss and tell her #felizDiadelasMadres 'ama In so much pain:(. With so much to do:( with shanty from school ??? Sounds like I should! you're strange but I love it! Now this IS Cliff Lee!!!! According to 50 Shades of Grey a college student can do just fine without a computer or an email address. TryOuts will be opening its doors to all 21 & up Friday March 5th!!! one cover charge & BYOB all night long!!! Locate @ Babcock & Eckhert Are you buying a children's book for a special child or the child inside this Christmas? Heebs is right... I say try before you buy. #GirlsWithPrettyFeet is a trend for toe suckers. RT : Fellas, don't ASSUME she knows how you feel about her. TELL her. The Champ remake in 1979 was originally intended for Ryan & Griffin O'Neal. "The guitar is a wonderful instrument which is understood by few" WHO HAS MY IPOD? I have. LOL Time to hit the hay. 5:30 comes early. We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it. Just burned some sage in my apartment. It smells like soapy weed. Saw THG again. That movie will never get old :) Point blank is much better then tebow at qb!!! Get off your man crush thank you Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha Quiet night soaking in tub ended when Night on Bald Mountain came on Pandora classical. good luck with that one, brah. Bet those dudes on TV find Bigfoot before you get maki rolls with a human meeting that criteria. I need a doctor~ It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets. Mr. Universe from is currently downloading. Can't wait to watch! Damn man congrats to #lsu tigers baseball! 2009 Champs! Geaux Tigers! Congrats on your acceptance to the University of Baltimore. See you around campus. 1 Is The Most Loneliest Number That We'll Every Know, LIKE If You're SINGLE "/ Gonna nap will be writing bout my tour of Flagship Store for Will give u the heads up when it appears. "I'm really good at getting head" - Rube Sheeber i absolutely need to get wasted before graduation Your source for unfinished exotic hardwood flooring * decking * lumber DANIEL!!!!! I WILL FIND U THANKS TO ALL THE INFO UR LIL BRO (Micah) GAVE ME!!! I'm just ready for tomorrow night lol oh see thats a good idea! well post a pic when theyre done! i wanna see what a real london flag on a nail looks like :) who is cute Louis and Liam lets trend #TurnToYou , #12HOURS (: Everything you do is so inspiring, i just want to buy you a panda. on the bright side.. it's already Wednesday <U+0001F44D> RT : If Santorum is handing out anything beer battered, Romney is screwed. Follow me! :D Good morning twitter world! Enjoying another long day at work... will be a 16 hour day. Yippee. Perfect day to have off <U+2600> What's your favorite scary movie? Obama: "I have enormous confidence" that the U.S. Supreme Court will declare the health-care law constitutional. that's what I thought too? Now I'm confused!? This is our first tweet! Visit us online at www.losersbar.com and add us as a friend on facebook! I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game. You have enemies? Good it means you actually stood up for something in your life ~Eminem Grazie for the kind words. Hope you made more memories. The 3 worst states to rent in? AL, AR & CO b/c laws favor the landlords. Even judges have said don't go against yer landlord in these states APPLY NOW! Open Position: Director of People Resources (HR) in South Florida. Salary Range: $100k-$120k. Click on Link for Job... NO...THE LIONS!!! lmao Had to check the Year. VP of Marketing stated Facebook or Social are not worth using. Someone take that mo's budget. Ugh the guy sitting next to me in court smells like actual death <U+0001F637> My mom just made hot dogs, hamburgers, and bacon for dinner. Someone feed me something I can eat please. Hit level 40 on been up all night playing. Night everyone! Will them to do what? #this #I #gotta #hear ;-) When did Russia officially beat out Japan for being the world's top producer of awesome cat videos? wow this looks so real Today I witnessed a #sunny with no fucks Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then. nice! Looks the same after all these years. Don't feel like doing my bio hw....I'll do it later #Kansas isn't looking to hot. H. Mathews~ A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him. "No one will recognize me. A new face, a cold heart to stand in your way." Thx & welcome to more new followers! & Had fun tonight with my girl at 12 bar even though we spent a lot of our night waiting for a fucking drink!! #HappyHalloween everybody!!! Had fun trick-or-treating with and ...wondering if event attendance will decrease because everyone is too busy with tweets and f@#*book these days... To get his teeth crowned! Am I crazy or is it abundantly clear Nate has lost the team? Looks like I missed some continued debate last night after I went to bed. Note to tweeters on their professional account: [+] Just a heads up to all you shippers out there. NEVER use you're better off using a carrier pigeon So... tell me something I dont know thanks, man! I will! Now the real award goes to the one who can find a practical way to use it. Seems like a novelty idea to me. Best conversation last night with can't wait to read his proposed book! #sunsentinel needs to pay attention to your tweets. #weseered #boycottsunsentinel. Tired of page 3 and. O pics on a big win The Women's #Leadership Conference is in full swing! Featured speaker Mimi Donaldson was fantastic! facebook/michael.sweig1 your mom is flawless. I will fill you in on Tues. practice Welcome to the Sixties God Morning!!! <U+E415> that's just crazy. Its so fucked up that an insurance company can tell a doctor to stop seeing a patient. Someone tweet me when the drama is over I'll be on facebook Fuck the giants. follow & ask for follow back. where ya moving to Super excited to see kill it tomorrow with I trade my soul for a wish pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this but now you're in my way .. yup about to head out to the 2nd negotiation meeting--hungry but hopeful LOL! I just saw my mistake! Yep, King Crab is on the menu tonight... new Shadows Fall is sick RT : are any of you going to Las Vegas in January <of course we will be there with bells on! is it launched yet!! im so excited :) Still up... USA has 9 channels showing soccer regularly, 2 are full-time soccer networks. Yet no African CAN final. Pity considering what aired instead. I thought Collectively opened a New York office. <collectively should open a new york office> Overeem: In January he gave me the vial. He (the Dr.) instructed me to take one shot a week. I injected myself with the second shot. One, because i am the night and Two, i tried going to sleep two hours ago and im all restless. Hmm if I leave now I should be able to get there before they sell out. Need a hair cut, shave, and dig out a uniform :p what does McDonald's and racists have to do with each other? Happy to be spending the day with my best friend. Don't know where I'd be without her. #HappyMamasday to all the amazing moms out there! : you were @ Galleria too today? I almost had a meltdown...the place truly is soul-sucking. I think that Suzanne Collins should rewrite the Hunger Games trilogy from Peeta's point of view. I'd love to see how she'd do that!!! Nice to flip to someone's profile page and see Hagler. Cheers. don't judgee. I would go into withdrawals if I could only go once a monthLOL. I go like twice a week >.< #letsdoit Sunday? RT : We can climb up in your tree and go grass roots girl : now I want to go back to Belize even more that's what champions like us do! Much love My day is made - is returning next season. However I'll miss you :-/ First session at #CILDC Challenges in content mgmt Foods cooked, the dip is done, Pizza's ordered. GO PATRIOTS! Want to set up some time to chat? We'd love to hear what you think. vas a venir a la fiesta de perry :33?? good review. i would have mentioned something about them not saying anything to kourtney though. That's the purpose to be BOLD, STUPID & FUNNY I'm bored thanks I changed it. That's dps 4 u lol LOL y'all betta back up...big bro, U know I'm in VACAY mode anyway, I ain't doin no work! #MIAMI baby! I know what I'm doing the rest of today...RT Yeah half off all draft beer today come try a new style Good morning, Pat! Hope you're having a good morning! Thanks to for putting together this week's B1G Marketing Meetings. We would like to wish Fr. John Foley, founder of the Cristo Rey Network, a Happy 75th Birthday! And now I want a version of SMASH made from cats. SNAP TO, internet. you will long as you gt some money in ya pocket I receive! yeah , i cant skip anymore or ill be back for a 13th year at emsisd I don't know why I have to listen to so much scott walker. any tips? Need to do an energy audit myself soon. You're not worth my time anymore. After my beautiful Colette last year, I know my favorite accessory this year will be from 's 2012 Spring Collection I loved seeing you with your girls in the pool. You can tell you workout alot. Calling Street Team who will be in #NOLA for #jazzfest and wanting to pass out handbills for tickets.... email SPORTS/Soccer Mexico 0 Vs Venezuela 0 From Houston game min 2 Like a Real Housewives episode, I bet. I love my giants!!!!! i also love my raiders :) PRFer TimPickens: "asking them to use a Doritos taco shell for my Cheesy Gordita Crunch was one of the best decisions I've made in years." Good Morning Everyone :] I just like that we're still using the term "automobile." looks like im not gettin any sleep I measure the awesomeness of my nights by the clothing I manage to lose. I need to figure out where my bra fits in on the rating scale. If u can step, u can walk. If u can walk, u can run. If you can run, u can leap. If u can leap, u can soar. It all begins w/just 1 step. I am impressed by u more every day. Thanks for being aware and promoting causes u believe in! Ppl like u change the world. well he's pretty worth it, so i doubt he'll believe her:) <333 I love That call WAS bogus! We SHOULD be up 9! Gah! Father and Son or Joe both by Larry Brown. If n/f then Keynes vs Hayek. thank you sweet girl :) wants one and me too!(: Yeah, I deleted your number. Why? Because every time I'd text you,you'd act like you didn't want to talk. So there's no point in keeping it. I'm off all day on Monday. Jamal Crawford's 34 points are the most by a #Blazers reserve since Travis Outlaw scored 36 on April 18, 2007 (Via ) RT caretaker had to lick a monkey's butt for an hour in order to save its life! / There goes my chance at crappiest job ever! The only reason I've stayed away from crack is b/c of Whitney. It's "whack" and "it's for poor people" R.I.P. #pacers win. now for #blackhawks to take the series by the horns I just want a cute guy to flirt with Determined to know everything I can about diabetes. Time to get more involved with my brother. Looking forward to going to a game or two this summer while in Greenville. Opened my heart only to have to have to close it again.... Finding that special someone is so damn hard. Tired of being hurt. We wish all those who celebrate this weekend a very meaningful and joyous holiday. Merry Christmas! it's a beautiful morning!!!! If you were to ask me "are you a door to door window salesman with a pony tail?" and I said no, I'd be lying. It almost startles you into speeding. It so creepy! No, Hidden was my first! Thanks for the recs. Another 12 hour marathon?! heading to murfreesboro today! We're installing a limestone driveway in the historic Heights. Would your house look great with a new driveway? Call us to discuss options!! nice meeting you! had to sneak out - sorry for not saying 'bye' Sorry if I said something wrong, because I do not speak English. I am Brazilian, I speak Portuguese. Sorry same. :) lucky you ;) Killer instinct!! Graduated!!! I had the most amazing weekend with my family and friends! Look forward to the virtual participation! That Freeway picture? It is what it is man.. did you see? totally gave us an #FF what an elegant way to kick off the weekend! -lisa Congrats lady! Keep rockin' it! Feeling restless. If they kill them, where are they going to steal the news from? i know my manager is crazy hey I didn't get your email! :( Who knows how to connect your #FB status updates to your #Twitter feed? Still pretty new to this thing! Mr. Hill, will you be able to play in the 1st round of the playoffs? I know ! Lol Lol they don't check ids. Were minors drinking Japanese saki hehe nope im talking about you :D Yeah maybe next year. I will be working Friday and Saturday so I cant go either. "drop the world" wouldnt sell if it wasnt for Eminem . Check In at Sugar Shack BBQ on Facebook/FourSquare/Twitter and post of picture of Trailer and receive FREE CHIPS AND A DRINK! Renunciation is an effect of selfless actions dedicated to a higher cause, like the welfare of the community. lmao singing that one wish ray j Preparing for a busy weekend behind the camera. A big woot for my love Teresa, ordained tonight at La La love Cody :DD..Have you heard of yet? cool!!! a US/UK Collabo the track is Fire lets make it happen for real! Storms+track meet=grumpy makala. Our archive is open to all! See our site at larc.tulane.edu. Some of us will probably be at SAA during the 2nd week of August. Oprah behind the scenes was clearly unhappy and had to float two other shows. You can watch it yourself on Oprah's network. Can't seem to go to sleep We were meant to live :)) OKAY. I miss my playlist AGAIN. :)) Watched P.S. I love you. Super nice! Now following We love our Honda Fit. Small outside to park, biggish inside to pack. High mpg. <20k new. Honda reliability. reporting the death of Donna Summer. I concur with you. Florida really needs to change that "Stand your Ground" rule...cause it's nothing but just a bunch of B.S. smh Wow! The King Of Pop Dead at 50! What a loss of an incredibly talented American Icon! RIP Michael Jackson! #osumath #testing D 1.4 Million SDG&E customers without power. Isn't that all of them? Just got my #UnderTheMistletoe it's awesome make sure to go get it on iTunes best album yet banjos lile banjos. And apparently u do 2! Will someone do something with the Borders on Broadway and Brand already? It's sad. slay one for me learning. He wouldn't even get back to you. Just act like you never even sent a msg. So they wont help us. So why help them? Interviewing Sissy Spacek here in a few minutes. Starpower in the building... Stupid? Maybe, but she had never felt so alive. But she couldn't share that, not yet, so she replied "yeah." Hmm. Urgent voicemail from the bank. I called back, and they said, "Oh, you could have just disregarded that voicemail!" *facepalm* Just observation at this point, but I just posted the new (Convergence) paper on academic.edu which has a bit In The Mall Wit #KIL Bitch I think my paper fried my brain.. I have nothing constructive or remotely intelligent to say about community needs analysis. Going to see #thegrey! :) Has anyone seen it yet? what r u doin today ? that would be the best collaboration ever, ever... yea that's what I thought, I hope they do offer, I believe he really wants 2 be a wildcat!! The theme of the night is anime and rap. Is it possible that Tim Tebow has encouraged more healthy discussion of faith than many radicals and evangelicals? I'm learning too Chinese, Japanese, what are these? Christmas tree's Hello Jody, from Washington, DC. Home of Barack, Michelle, Malia and Sasha! You're number 1. Inexplicably missing next verse, "and they shall demand a hundred forms and find some excuse to refuse every request" thanks! It is specially nice to get a compliment from someone in the know Dear Uncle Rush, My book is a unique idea....www.pythonthriller.com much appreciation.....God Bless RE sales card in the mail today ! How does it feel? Like I'm finally working for my second business. Lets go #Santana #Mets we aint gonna win em all but we gotta win series thnx for the follow ... We want to know: How is everyone's first day of school going? We'll be the ones dressed in Yanks gear!! Howard University has an African Diaspora program, but there are many others around the country. Where did you attend school? thanks mate!! is data base ur job? Wow why u don't watch tv? lol I'm from USA Illinois. he should change his name again to "Ronald R. A. Lincoln"... LOL:) does he think this helps him..NOT!!! I'm addicted to my phone n its sad I fb tweet n instagram before bed lol n same thing wen I wake up Proud to support Mayor's proposal for bldg smoking policies. Prospective renters & buyers deserve full disclosure to make informed decisions We just completed our 450th Salesforce.com implementation this week. If it's on #bravo then I'm probably going to watch it. just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool. Need a title for my abroad WordPress. Witty+, Incorporate HK, Asia+ Not everyone can be as creative as 's blowing it up I Wish Someone Would Have Told Me How Much Love Sucks . . no jay! LSU has better looking uniforms than Alabama, therefore LSU should win the national #BCS title. Whats on the Lunch Menu Today? Story about the Puerto Rican vote? Wait until you have a kid. Puts like 10 years on you in that first year. Haha Means questions Hulsey if he knows of plans by Rep. Mark Pocan to rush Capitol doors or encourage others to do so. #Getting iinto #fights #just makes #you #look like a #dumb #ass CieraMariexoxo Sorry I let y'all down tonight. I'll keep trying my hardest. Now let's go do some work on Tuesday hows your day going babe? X If I was going to worship I had to forgive the process. it's pretty random fun! Lorenzo and Koko need to get off my mentions. We are going to release a special new track on Saturday the 20th. Keep your eyes and ears open :) Just wrapped up the kickoff meeting for the Wiffle Ball League. Yerrr out! after looking through tweets i need to say one thing....people....its JUST a phone. With all of those capital letters, how could you not want to join? Thanks for spreading the word, Jeff and not a virus. this is wonderful news! Having our own experieriences with #malaria in #Uganda this news is very exciting! bad since I'm biting my tongue if only my monologue was as good as my headshot... xD Thank you for the follow. Hope to see you on the dance floor :) okay what's the track called I really like it! :D wanna make me happy? watch Gaga videos with me. EH! YOU GOT MY MEDICINE?! I hate Finals! on my way to Harrisburg for #barcamp. looking forward to imaginative solutions for tech and ed. 's application TweetMyPaper Http://tweetmyrpaper.com restricts writers to writing in 145 character increments . is the most sweet #BOYFRIEND! YES!! She is. is a major source of inspiration to me. Thanks for using your Divine Gift to make her happy! Congratulations to Steve Bartkowski of Buchser HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame Good on Martin Rennie to take Atiba Harris off. He and Valdea would have for into it again. And he was already on the yellow. Snack time= french fries get all that garbage out of sight or you dont go out friday night. Ah! No feeling quite like getting paid and then promptly spending 50 bucks on gas. I feel honored that your honored:) I'm at The Welk - the Muzack pervades my existence - feels so sedate - is that what we desire when we are old? Its official! At the HD1 Assembly on 4/13, top line candidate for HD1 with 53% of the votes. #Republican primary June 26th! AUGUST, DON'T JUDGE ME. Little girls can be scary... #WhatDidTheySee? Got bck from my banquet I got awards I and so fancied up lol :) It'd be cool if someone retweeted me. At least to let me know my tweets are able to be retweeted. Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day “: Ron Paul becomes more appealing by laughing at the folly of everyone else.” I totally agree! follow me please! :D RT RT : Everyone go and Check out our Grip TV at Gripmagonline.com Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to seeing you. nice photo...how are u? same here :) Should I vote for Mourdock or Lugar tomorrow? MAD MEN is so well written this season! Am I the only one who misses Betty Draper?? I don't even know, I have the most f'd up dreams. "Life is rough, it's even tougher when you're stupid." Tom and Jerry is still by far the funniest cartoon to me what happened 2 Derrick Fisher? Did he get traded or retire? Or Magic just giving him some love? the stories tells me about his cat >> hey long time no talk(: Still haven't tried the new grilled nuggets? Well today's the day! you need to do a concert in San Antonio before you leave Eric cantor sucks... “: I'd call you a douchebag, but that would imply you could get near a vagina.” yow jus hear chill my cousin RT : 91% of online U.S. adults access social media in a typical month - Experian Simmons who is your target and what actions do you want them to take? T-Minus 8 days till I see you!!!! Amen. RT Let's be clear-there is difference btw peaceful May Day events&cowards using them as cover to commit crimes Seeing The Avengers with David tonight! I'm so excited. :) if u would have said okc that would of been ok but since u was talking shit on heat now ur team lebron that's my point Prolly gonna see what this Paranormal Activity 3 is talking about tonight...I know that shit is gonna be packed. Agree 100%. Always great to beat The Hen. Yes! I'm going to email you to set up a date. I have many more questions. So great to hear your some of your strategies If I Told Everyone What Was On my Mind All The Time They Would Probably Hate Me After 30 Seconds Same broadcasting crew as last week... Gross. That is also true! Did I say they were REQUIRED, Gjdoffree? Yeah, I know, but it was weird for them to pull Cam out of the shadows for movie time with Matt! love that you know enough to miss the backchannel, once you've participated at a conference you look forward to the connections Your event signup email says "Enter your default confirmation email message here" Holiday Calendar orders are coming.Global Elements can create a Family Calender w/ a custom design and prints for only $250.00 720-542-6105 I used to beg my mom to buy me some tadpoles to play with in the pond section of Corso's Flower and Garden Center. They amazed me. We have some new color Samoas in for the kids and Jordans for the men!!!!!!! come grab a pair or two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Had a great couple of days tracking Dredg for their upcoming album. It's been a nice weekends. You guys are the best! :) - " Wanna Control Em All i Caint Even Control Me ." I know what you mean. You never know what's a stepping stone and what's the final project until enough time passes. Most instagram users are already on FB. So they are looking for control I guess yeah! its like one of my #neverwillcometrue wishes lol Anything that has seeds is considered a fruit and the plant also produces flowers. I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?! <33 The all-in-one-in-the-know actor's app. Available on the App Store for 9.99 or try Actsophia Lite for free! 30+ features for your career! Friends, please check out our new Webisode name 'DLife The Series" starring Drew Waters and Timothy Doty. Subscribe on YouTube and go viral! I guess just being in school made it bad. Enjoy! RT : Then I'm so reading 's upcoming one from If u not rocking with Chicago Sports suck a dick yeah!! I will!! Dude, I need to learn how to save money... Neurorecovery means enhancing all systems. Be gentle with your self and your skin this week. Cetaphil, Cerave' and Oil of Olay! MY DR said I want a rainbow cupcake! that shit looks trippy! hey MAY I ASK YOU A QUESTION sad, deprecated state of Reader in google's infernal toolbar. evidently not as crucial as google WALLET or google OFFERS Flamencos in Seattle - Luis de la Tota is headed your way today - We envy you... Yes you will! Sending positive vibes your way If I wasn't so fdcused on this Orthodontist career, I'd DEFF. Become a pastry Chef. I love baking (: St.Augustine is the shit..wish I lived there for awhile. He's too fast for the camera! I'll try again when there's more light. He has some reddish feathers on his head. Posting job ads has given me a whole new hatred of many employment websites. You'd think if they only do one thing, they'd do it right... If I ever do get married I think I would have bridezilla tendencies. I will never question the professionalism of any play by play guy that can go an entire A's broadcast without saying Theth Thmith If I'm in an actual case, yes. But here, in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, it is a circus. And this for two weeks. ive had that before!!!!! It's mad good:) are you in a classroom? RT : I am in beautiful Estes Park,CO-singing here this afternoon with Eric Gunnison,Mark Simon & Paul Romaine Y not legalize it...it can't be that much worst than cigarettes Every prayer is wasted on a name that's faceless. We couldn't agree more! Happy Friday. Is the opening act for Steve Breen, U-T editorial cartoonist, at the Conservative Order for Good Government luncheon. Merry CHRISTmas everyone!.... Happy Birthday, Jesus!<3 Isaiah 9:6 For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders. Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right? Why is shipping $12 for a $16 book? Want to replace a lost Blurb title but can't justify huge shipping fee again. :-( Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes I must say, I'm really loving the new show Hell on Wheels on What if I'm texting something/someone important? You never know. I really wish I had a life. Post your tickets on Antengo and easily reach thousands of local users in seconds! It's free, check it out! Looking forward to today's #HAchat regarding what you love about blogging and reading blogs. Feel free to chime in - starts at 3pm! I know, but I don't own Blade and I'm all out of pot. Looking to hire a Business Analyst with money movement experience. Long term contract. let me know if you or anyone in your network is in… The awkward moment the elevator smells like abercrombie and cigarettes. :/ 10 Things I Hate About You Soundtrack represent!! I can't get over how awesome last night and this morning were. Choose a whole wheat tortilla for your burrito to get more nutritional value out of your meal. Instead of watching the Republican debate tonight, I watched "Beginners." I chose wisely. Countdown till the 12th First time since start I've woken up to a gigantic bruise on top of my foot. Doing it wrong, or finally getting it right?? Haha I'm so sorry about Angel! Feel Better<3 I know you're just puzzled. & I'm the missing piece.. Total turnover. WOW Quick. Follow she's amazing and follows back!19 There was no such verbal agreement. We r stoked to be playing Key Club, gonna be a blast tomorrow night! Wish I could RT We will be entertained??? have you ever wondered why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens the skin... When you @ mention someone you are supposed to lead off with it like I did. Not at the end like you did lol, iRumors are always entertaining. fun to see how all the webzines jump to speculations on every tiny little hint. This time next week, I'll probably still be exhausted from a 15+ hour day the night before...can't wait! Advertisers, likely. “: He wasn't apologizing to you. RT : Rush: apology accepted ... We're with you.” even when you hold the mirror up and point out the bad decision, doesn't work. It's tiring. I feel the same way! Creator God, I am so blessed by your revelation in nature and Scriptures. Please increase my determination to plass on that blessing. Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening! Amicus Certus In Re Incerta Cernitur => A true friend is discerned during an uncertain matter So true! Get busy. RT: Forbes Thought Of The Day " There is no greater cause of melancholy than idleness. " — Robert Burton hey, Rachel! Sounds like you are having a blast .... So great! Love to you. Lori Our weekly news wrap up episode should drop sometime between tonight at midnight and sunrise Monday morning. i feel really sick i am having very bad belly pain I am all too familiar with this...a vast majority of my channel's comments are SO disgusting!! is honoring Bruce Wichmann, our firm administrator, & Amy Winch, a legal assistant at Axley, as Unsung Heroes today! By sending daily emails with 30% discounts I guess.. lol ... what do we get out of this? Seems like Colleen and I are doing all the work. awww. so cute!!! Sam Adams is the main reason I know what season it is. tweeting to get connected where's ? reckless kelly, sunny sweeney, mickey and the motorcars, and the damn quialls!! Awesome weekend!!! Locke horks for great justice! Chilly MN love from our emergency vet pro-cat Mhenlo <3 Getting BurgerKing for lunch with my dad (: #SMSK tickets go on sale this Thursday at all area Wegman's... 6/9, 2 bands, Nola's. Come party wiht !!! Big Week Thank you sir! Where you at these days!? Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :) Singing an old Leonard Cohen song. That'd rigjt. I really want to try to go to the in New Orleans in March. Is anyone else planning on going? PERK up. Lame joke You think my dress is short enough for to take pictures? Not a vacation. physically + mentally exhausting but the most amazing and rewarding experience ever. He is soo sweet & different, I'm gonna cuff em' :)! I'm visiting tonight to catch up with a former coworker! So excited to see her on the West coast. Please be aware of phone scams... Got rid of my Sierra Designs Flex bag and got a Montbell SS Burrow 3. After 5 different bags, shoulda gone with Montbell in the 1st place. no, thank YOU! glad you like. Every time I start to text you I remember that if you wanted to talk to me you'd text me.. I'm too stubborn to give in now hm spades never disapoint Even in a lockout I'm gonna keep hating! Screw you , zero rings and not counting. Thanks so much Jae!!! Wishing everyone a fun a SAFE holiday weekend!! today's not my day <U+0001F61E> Let's get some clarification here first - are we talking projects he directed or just projects from Jim Henson Studios? New Music Out Now! Support your local charity! Just Keepin It Real The Style Setters party is well underway. Missoni, Escada, and Hugo Boss galore! #preparing for a great client presentation for tomorrow by resting and ramblin' today. dont forget to #chill #breathe #kickit TO the couch "low hanging fruit" #bootcamp6 is resorting to anti-gay comments to get elected. Vote I've never been much of a napper. I'll help keep them in business a bit longer What's the deal with growing full beards in the #NBA #nowadays? Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, hard-working, selfless moms out there - you ARE appreciated! banana pancakes. Nobody but JESUS! Well today wasn't any better really giving me a hug in the hallway in front of everyone but your girlfriend isn't helping anyone! Kobe's got 31 pts & yet LAL's this far behind? WTF's every1 DOING? Apparently waiting on a miracle. #24 nds 2 slap the shit outta some folks Good morning Tonya! Enjoy your weekend:-) !followed RT : follow back ? Anyone know the latest stats on websites displaying Google's +1 icon? hopefully there wasn't already too much monster consumption, otherwise u may b taking laps around the whole damn plant! Big muscles with abs hasn't quite figured this whole twitter thing out. readin da messages ova ad ova ad ova ad ova bcuz every word maks mi heart drop ad soon itz go really b at mi feet note-to-self: never buy loo a bear we are an important swing vote in some crucial states! Hey I am down! how about all their songs.... Thanks, Brad! THE LACES WERE IN! No, more about town getting too big and dialing area code for any call :) Opening statements by both sides are done in the Washington County Sheriff contempt hearing. Witnesses being called. Playing bball with my son. I stuck out my tongue to make a sweet move. He didn't know why. Jordan 101 begins today. Ty is being so lame right now <U+0001F612> Done too. Xo Ha! If we ever have a meeting of the minds, remind me to have it at an off-site location ;) CMS: Gymala expects there to be 100-200 individual sites in the UMW web site network. Give voice to your soul-WIN scholarship to transformative writing course by & thru essay contest bit.ly/qsf5ps If you have questions, we'd happily send along references. Cleaning out my childhood closet. Metric tons of stomach-churning old love poems. Vom. Good F Morning !!! if u know me and u know my place ...u r invited 2 the PARTY !!! ALL WEEKEND !!!! - Enjoy their music! Woohoo!!! “: BIG snaps to , super-fab RKPR media guru who landed our client on The Doctor's today. You. Go. Girl.” Nice shot Trishe! Watching New Moon...and this 3 year old is watchin...but he won't stop askin question after question -.- are we still going to Madagascar when it comes out?! #SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Finding My Way- Rush Once I don't have a cold and the weather actually gets nice I want to just take a walk in the park Felt like in class today with all the dancing before the teacher walks in hah Getting carpal tunnel from magic piano. Just pulled out my keys to open the badge reading door at work. Gonna be a long day, bud! Watching jersey shore sent u a dm I heard Austin gives great hugs. I want to experience one. I'd wear clothes made of super glue so he couldn't get me off though!(; If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever. when are you coming home? i need some elliptical. Shout out to Pat Battistini Soon as I get up my mom wants breakfast lmao B.A. in Communication from USC. Now I'm ! a show RT if u want a SHOUTOUT! at work twerkkn it Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..<U+2764> People who don't a crazy.. I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!<U+2764> Thanks SO much to for the hospitality & the delish sliders last night & to for joining us & all the great work you do! Don't miss the #Chinese Hiring Manager at the #NSA today from 10am-4pm at 814 East Third Street! Maybe this could be your new career?! I heard you! lol Had grass-fed Delmonico Steaks for dinner-such a comfort food! "Make the social sharing icons bigger" is the new "make the logo bigger." Hittin the studio early tomorrow morning gotta get it in!!! is the symbol which many confuse with the Caduceus, and which is a medical symbol. INTERESTING!! Way to mess up our history!! //4G?! Lol, no sir! Sponsored wifi hubs means revenue generator not wasted expense. Investment = added incentive. Your school at www.varsityjackets09.com we rock Pittsburgrh Tweet tweet, tweet tweet... most of the time I laugh at your tweets, but there are moments that I'm just like dafuq. this is one of those moments. Went to the dentist today... :/ ::sigh:: so exhausted :( Oh my gosh. That's horrible. Winter seems to be getting shorter every year. Houston for now. NOLA Friday morning. Can not wait to get back! that's it. last load of laundry done! goodnight all! Power just went out here at LC for a brief moment. Lost my faculty agenda for Wednesday, but it won't take too much time to recreate. Wow, that's NICE! Congrats! Mr. Link. I think you need to trademark that Stitch-N-Bitch name ... LOLing over here :) SAN FRAN IT IS!!! Last chance today! Follow & RT for a chance to win 4 free tix to SuperCroc exhibit in El Paso Proud of u RT back in edinburgh - survived the thirteen miles. would u believe me if i told u it was really fun? next up: glasgow I'm still showing a bruise from a finger/door incident I did like 2 months ago. omg! Great idea!! <U+200E>"Can you imagine what I would do, if I could do all I can imagine?" the set of CSI Cleveland lol Hey babe, loved every picture you posted from Six Flags! I was grinning like an idiot at each one, but sad I wasn't there. "Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream." ---Marge, The Simpson's 57 seconds isnt much, but it gives the Pats a chance. Loving the google icon today! I am a total 80's baby! Awesome! I'd love to see both he and Oleg Itanbach get a chance to make something with a big budget... Great afternoon at Florida Flute Convention! eek - hit the wrong button on my phone... would luv to be there & see you, just double booked again - jeez lady! Just signed with the bulls, finally in a good city No where else i would rather be on a Saturday night I'm almost 40 and am in the same boat! FRANNNNY!!! are you gonna come to open gym on sunday? haha :) That's a great line too! Love that film. It is my hope to do graduate work on these regions and how religion and reason clashed, much, much later... Why does facebook defriendl then befriend then defriend people on my friends list? All this is done with out my consent. I don't' get it. Ronnie a rock Haha poor ronnie Who knows jamos that make bbq. Happy Birthday ! I love and miss you so much!!!! Im more of a observer than a talker.. I'm not hard to please. I know what I want and why. It's just that simple. It's just up to you to make it happen. That's Nadja Brickle witnesses Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses. She is advocating for other moms and fighting for her kids I'm guessing Lima, Peru or Washington, DC. - Seattle - Seattle is the city of neighborhoods. Join us as we create symbols for the public domain I'm sure they're good kids. I just dont really "do" kids. Lol , it was random ! They asked me if I wanted to kick it & shit O.o Thanks for the re-tweet bud! Hopefully we see you soon. it's 4am and your lover won't answer? Probably somewhere with a dancer! <-- or maybe even with another lover! stupid hoe is my enemy ! I hate my legs :( Wearing a hat 'cause your ginger. I know what you mean. Painful ! Hey all, does anyone have/or know of somebody with the RED camera in Dallas? If you do, please DM me - I'm looking for one ASAP. Thanks!! Listening party may 5th I've entered the #Zumba Halloween giveway! Wouldn't it be nice if I won? Anytime. That room is pretty sweet. Also--forgot to tell you. We can renew you at any time for 2013! I want to go out and dance so badly ... being responsible. Being a good boy for a while now. It's getting tired instead of in trouble...damn “: Whoever said white men can't jump has clearly never played Temple Run” . I will 4th that. Flying blows The employee at the AT&T store just told that he looks like Steve Jobs came back from the dead. The Month in Grimes/Dubstep To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter We fail to realize celebrities are the same age as us so their gonna do the same shit we do THE BELL CAN RING ANYTIME NOWWW, lbvs . Practicing for trade show life in the next two weeks. On my third cup of coffee and just had a bagel. FLYING!!! your platform only for large companies or large events? Today I am reading two Peirce essays entitled, "Evolutionary Love" & "Man's Glassy Essence." And it's close to CSULA, ELAC, and Pasadena college. Where many international students applied to. It's convenient. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Getting Ready For This Play Im Part Of In Feburary...Ima Actor/Rapper/Teacher/Entertainer....I Can Do It All!! This from a man who sells liquid energy! RT I know I'm new to this, but that was the most exciting end to match I've ever seen. Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist I sleep good night RT : Now that Cherie's mom has passed on...we're carrying on her Mom & Dad's tradition on New Year's Eve/we did the same thing Ditto on the NYC trip and the glorious reading room. No, I mean, go to coffee shops and sit and talk. Go out to dinner together. Walk around the city without a destination. thanks man! let's hang out soon. Fudge caramel cake with fudge frosting. From my grandma's Kitchen Magic recipe book.1960. Detroit, Mi. I can't wait till school on Monday. I hate weekends at home. Hahahaha funny...... Real funny. Did he miss games last year at the end of the regular season? He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. Muhammad Ali Sitting in a 3 hour seminar on how to collect sales tax. What a snoozer! Caffeine please! The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot. That show money from strangers is hilarious! If you haven't watched it your totally missing out lol Happy Holidays To All! Another good reason to live in Israel, NY Rangers & NY Knicks are both on TV here LIVE! Alright now .. What's the deal with skool getting close -.- - Dre bought the company today, hit him I guess Finding it hard to believe is celebrating her 25th anniversary, she must have started at age 3. Congrats! Talor, have you made up your mind yet? Are you staying at PSU? is the love of my life #<3 I have 1 appointment open for MusInk this weekend in Costa Mesa, Ca. Hope you like my book! :) Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' "style" reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q? during arguements since 2006. #NewYorkYankees keep a rollin' but #CoreOfFour is getting a tad battered and acting their age. Except the timeless Thank you darling! I think there's still blood all over that kitchen. Poor dear renters. hugs to you!!! lots of people love and support you, no matter the trials you face XOXO Like the new LinkedIn "Company Follow" option. “: Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party... 45 47 !!!!” Seeing a spike in Fukushima, Extension Level Event & No 4 reactor in my social feeds. Is this alarmism or do we have our heads in the sand? RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl. not here. It's beautiful Hot cheese up front Sleep is such a waste of time. Too bad it's biologically required. I could take over the world if I never had to sleep. - which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :) My vote goes to those who uphold the constitution & protects free speech. #SOPA and #PIPA are not constitutional. Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email. Mad Graffiti Week Iran Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics. If your going to kick someone off at least show your face! I stay rolling up trees.. Enjoying my day off at the beach relaxing. why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me? So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm. I feel guilty Urgh <U+0001F614> House Ed Chair Tom Massey says "in excess of two dozen witnesses signed up." Had my first rumor spread about me #inmiddleschool . I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side. Some guys know all the right things to say. <U+2665> I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected. Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES! I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry! saw it too girl. So beautiful. Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying. - the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came. JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1 please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52 ill dm you that when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21 you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class. The Horn Of Plently = best song ever. ...some really big hands ...lol The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool. And what exactly are you reading? ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :) PLEASE! :D Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda… Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.- Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night! Who wants to see a baby pic of me!? An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is. no waiting go get it grrrrr. RECALL WALKER serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit. I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me <U+0001F621> Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad! Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc. the breakfast of champions!!! A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2) Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies? Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it! add mm e on Skype! Snicky12 Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-) Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida. hmm im bored right now Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight! right here ! (: Just turned scanner on, Nothing so far. Might be Miller Compressing in Milwaukee big up Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago. foreign dress?Blonde it's from Hollister And how would it be foreign I'm only in Arizona same country still U a DUMB BLONDE Those roof racks on your subaru outback let us know that not only are you a lesbian, but you also don't shave your legs or use deodorant. What do i get my wife for her very first #Mother's_Day ??? any #ideas ??? Tech colleges report increase in 'transfer hopeful' students. What will #infolit needs be as they transfer into 4 year college? People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between "there" "their" and "they're". One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute? Come on. You can't cheat someone off of services rendered. Only if they knew.! I swear its not a ritual its a way of life! New albums I won't buy: Counting Crows, John Mayer and that Lionel Richie country album. I love you too Logan <U+2665> :) Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow but you like ashhole dave u crazy....why u sending tweets to bill livingston? already ordered ours! Send pics when we get them to represent Silver Stars lead Tulsa 28-21 at halftime. you're welcome, indeed! Loved your eco-friendly take on the picnic! Lol it meant "uh ooh she plotting on me" Omfg no rapper can top the rapping grandma on Americas Got Talent lol Its Time To Bring The US Congress & The Untied States Government Departments & Agencies into the Digital Age, Giving Them Social Interaction Bounce TV is now airing on on 24.2!! Hey - I know I can force the right results with +, but it would be easier if you knew that vegan and vegetarian aren't synonyms. Justin Bieber is walking with Mayweather to the ring... I have officially seen it all. #LETZGETHIGHHH -Ice Berg Yes, many do, but those are also often lost in the time-sensitive twitter stream. Or co-opted by others on the hash. That's the group that has been criticized for some questionable interpretation of data, though. Congrats to and the entire#Fedex #DHR team on a great win today. My job is to take a bad bitch off d market ... RT“: old peoples daily exercise is walking the whole mall like 20 times.” RT Lol can't blame you they even talked about Jesus - U good? - I <U+2665> you and your heart of gold (or platinum - whichever is better). =] Internet outage? I could not do that. Wait, did someone pay you a million dollars just to see if you could do it? All answers lie within the Quran. But which question are we talking about? : ) I hope so too. Be well! Psyched to take part in the Dance Teacher Summit again this year!! Pimp chronicles >>>>> Mass, then helping a buddy move, and then a BBQ for my friend getting married. It is going to be a long day. legit like died omg he's perfect Still packing for #SHA2012 with help from the 4-year-old, an bracing for the 18 hour drive to Baltimore. Looking forward to caffeine. "nick my #fridayfightagainst i-" "no" hollow tips nigga tip a nigga like a danca I would only bring him in when Yanks are up 12 or more runs !!! Accidentally dropped my chapstick in trash can w/cap off. Son of a... #quote "The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." —Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch Could of should of gone to sonics Thank you! Have a great Mother's Day! :-) just so! I realized I'd be better prepared to chitchat if I had a more frequent look at yr blog Principal, Donovan Davis, is quoted in Design Builder Magazine; 10 Homebuilding Trends You Won't See in 2011 Help a guy out and give him a follow. David I need 8 more followers to reach 100.. I need your help! RT RT : I never NEVER had a valentine! :c I ain't bouta put that shir on twitter till its finalized lol tryna set me up lol book sounds interesting, i'm new 2this dif world.How does 1 start a blog? Is it challenging?Pros&Cons?Found u by #autism tag. Have a great weekend! Enjoy the first official weekend of fall! Bring on the pumpkin lattes, the leaves changing colors and the fresh air! I don't know why, but I absolutely love reading/seeing/following the coverage of plowing park roads and ! (CONT) Bob Barker spaying & neutering hookers, TSA at the door molesting people for safety, a random chess game, sea monkeys #stefon #snl" Back at you. Enjoy the day. Turkey drumsticks on the grill. Homemade potato salad in the fridge. Cold beer. 90 degrees. ah summertime. . . I cried a bit :,( but now I'm going to watch wear house 13 definately done caring about everything please explain. Saw tweets and have switched to #fox but don't understand what happened. Bud Selig should be sent to Japan for 'baseball reasons'. Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship. baseballs 4 run rally in the 5th is unbelievable!!!! LETS GO PARK! Good morning!!!! Hope everyone is doing well :] Photo shoot lined up, New Website Updates, and More "SNO" shirts... www.SnoClothing.com - "SNO" A.K.A. - Stylish. Neckware. Obsessions. Bitch look down, tell me wussup Hey ! Heard you were a workoutaholic. Do you instruct those bootcamps? now you are talking! Food and art! congrats to glad I already got my event in there, fundraising for the ...and so am I, Nicole! Better in time <3 Awww come on bud. Friendly rivalry :-) So how bout them Pats? :-) Just messing with ya heard on radio that $$ cuts = loss of 167 NPD officers...Tru? What % of total? Trenton has crime spike because of cuts. Is anybody else watching this hot mess on Read the article: 'Finding Rembrandt? Place, history, experience, and the individual' Free Today at www.maney.co.uk/language/literature Anyone else have an #iPhone 4 battery go from great to terrible for no obvious reason at about a year and a half old? Sunday Jazz Brunch @ The Andaluz starts TOMORROW! $24 gets your great music and great food!! Be there!! That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade. does this look familiar? Havent Been On This Account In A Loooonng Time (: Sweet baby christmas, this fat mans snoring is far too loud and crazy for a human. I need a pokeflute asap Happy Mothers Day This Sunday @ the DC Jazz Loft with Herman Burney (bs), Reginald Cyntje (Trmbne), Victor Provost (Steel Pan) myself (drums) 7pm start time. I am still amazed by the snow, I am like a child and want to go outside make snow angels! Do you need me to go with you? I could remind you of things you forget. lol Knock it out the park & safe travels Spent a work day at my old stomping grounds.. Felt like #home again... Minus the #operation, in my #trapaholic days... Thanks for the follow ... my body needs a hero come n save me is pretty chill. I need to hang with that kid more. No matter what I do this TV won't turn over. So I'm stuck watching Bargain Hunt for an hour. Mint. Never too early for some margs and sangria grr did chris go inside already? I was just there Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know. im so excited!!! never actually did, but I had a friend who did. May have been at the same place. I'm from Mequon myself. check ur email. Something new, a lil different but could be a single... Nah lol that's just fucking with a girls emotions -.- just get at the one you actually like Can you send a few morwe tweets Happy Birthday !!! xoxo Thanks for coming by! RT : great to visit metro campus in bayview today. we're glad the team is using You see, its that sense if entitlement that has you delusional HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 I hope you had a great day (: I'm so cool just search for people by name and click the follow button. May 9 th needs to hurry up so I cn figure out wats wrng wit so I cn drive again tired of depending on people Rise against, rise up for what is right, stand alone, are you willing to try It's not too far off that they'll be making movies just for the international market and if it makes any money in the US, it will be a bonus hmu when you get home Bruises and scratches don't phase me. nope we went to the park I need a trim. Or to shave my head because I hate my hair! Congratulations to our team camp champions: JV - Regis, Soph - Overland, Fresh - Cherokee Trail. godzilla or the kiddo? whoops I tweeted to the wrong Sadie but just sayin I need Akira assistance!! Miss you Thinking about Life After Journalism? Attend SD Press Club workshop Wed May 19, 6 pm Members free, others $10. Info, www.sdpressclub.org what sorta Bender would that be...haha... Heard Ginger Man is one out, one in. #sxsw via ight we see Kinda scared me there... u already know! #loveyamore ;) awesome tattoo! Where did you have that done? Can I "check in" to my beer? Some girls don't realize what they're worth, and some guys don't realize what they have. Single parent households have children with the most issues. Fathers/mothers need to work better together to impact dropout/incarceration. Checkout cast of at the Teen Choice Awards Need help sizing your evaporative cooler? Residential coolers come in different sizes ranging from 3000 to 6500 cubic feet per minute (CFM) Thank you for all the support girl! Means the world to me! xo Poolside. In the 90's all day. - yes. We had a server interruption. Sorry about that. Forecast for Thursday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 5 to 10 mph. Hilary finally cracked a smile! RT : Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. Its the transition thats troublesome.* Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Max Johnson. As in a girl with a male porn star name. You can't make this kind of stupidity up. RT : Speaking Monday at University of British Columbia about ... what else? Google! Or up, as it were. that really kinda fucked up my night lol Dear North Carolina, you're breaking my heart. No problem Tara. I have known you for a bit..those awkward phone calls off of myspace friend requests ;). I know, right? One of my favorites these days. #GoTribe 18yrs ago my tribe thought we would live underground on bullybeef or have to go to Aus. Suckers! yeah meet her at the airport wen she arives..... I think I fixed the: posting to twitter and tumblr from instagram = tweeting twice cause of automatic tumblr tweeting thing Wow!!! Why so much hate?! Ah what is that!! It's a baby cockroach! - Workaholics Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it. -Ferris Bueller.....Bueller? Bad trade by the Let's talk about whatever it takes. Whatever. well done you two It's beautiful outside !! (: I am looking to feature underground music on my internet radio station that I'm starting up if you are interested get at me. Enjoying a most wonderful WV day ... Sunshine n perfect .... Thank you buddy WCHS weatherman Jim Barack .... thanks babe :* Follow my tweets is a Sexy account related to Porn ;) yes we do like rock and roll. thanks for asking congrats! What a great job! Best wishes! We love Ford, could you bring some Flex's to our #racquetball Nationals event in Fullerton next week? That woman made my decision so much easier lol are you going to 1D's concert when they go to Cali ?? wayne what u doing boy ..smoking a bone?? Yoga breathing in the woods, blasting material girl and snow beach. #greatsuccess so far Chris Hansen popped out of nowhere! Obscure #U2 song playing in J C Penny's. But then again J C Penny's is obscure... Happy Friday! oh. well don't drink bleach unless you wanna die. and vinegar? I'll pass. have your ass stankin for years « « of course you lost contact with him. that's what happens when you take 2 months to arrest a motherfucker for murder.»» it was fucking good. I very much enjoyed it. Happy #Australia Day Congrats on the new Taylor Street digs! Let me know when you open and I'm THERE! Dan from in I love Cupcake Wars!!!! Success! Two Springsteen tix! Walk 2 work hazard: all them UWS yummy mummy sharp biceps on crowded sidewalks - hear Ralphie's mom intone "You'll shoot your eye out, kid!" I really love Tim Hortons Cappuccino! :D Oh, I hope they are in good condition! RT : Tom Petty's stolen guitars found; man arrested - WH - IWillAlwaysLoveYou, purple rollerrink dinos, & me squat-skating hoping not to face-plant will always remind me of you but it's fortified joe lol Coffee is acidifying. If you're a regular drinker, be sure to balance it out by drinking high pH alkaline water! Best wishes to all guards performing at Dallas, Ft Lauderdale, Salem, and Union City! have great performances! Peace! i wish! And ok ill call at 4 Man. I been moving around since 9:00 am, nonstop. Just not sittin' down like 20 minutes ago.... Y #69 haha nice number XXD so.... I guess you're a belieber? Haha! I think we should tweet eachother more ;) x Haven't heard anything about it. Love this! Especially that there's news from other countries, forcing me to practice my Portuguese. Reading about mistletoe folklore for work and seeing how easy it would be to go down the Golden Bough rabbit hole. Much chatter, little wit. - Portuguese Proverb if i could see #oomf like almost everyday i would love it <3 That is really unfortunate. I hope both sides can settle things before court. #hoa #violations are no fun. time for tea and cookies? I thought you WERE Captain America...? RT if you put Hot Sauce on Potato Chips!!! *Texas Pete Baby* When does the movie open in theaters? we gotta get back together.............Sap Sap RT : The violence and destruction caused by #SeaMayDay is embarrassing. The right to protest is no excuse for this. "Just because someone feels it or thinks it doesn’t mean that we are supposed to go down that road." - Marcus Bachmann on being gay. #FF our amazing line-up tonight! Trying out the new Twitter for Blackberry app. RT “: t plus/minus 7 months. as long as I complete that "brutal class" :)” right on! Hamels suspended five games for saying he plunked Harper on purpose? Hell yeah Joey doin it big! Much Love You know it ;) lol What teen mom? Yes it is returning! what happened to your car? Oh and I love knowing about my snow button. Guess who gets to define 100 vocab words on paper for 40 bonus points in Psychology. Hey Cliff!! Will ya be doing any autograph signings in the NY area soon? Would love to meet you and get an autographed ball. whatd you think of the flick? Hope you enjoyed it! Anna Froula: to combat culture fears, WWII women had to present themselves as eye candy for fighting men, not fighters themselves *Draping my arm over ’s shoulder, leading her towards the water* Neither can I. *Kissing the top of her head* Pompa: the notion of high expectations is missing from this bill. There are no achievement standards, but targets are essential. I don't think homophobes realise that homosexuals are born from heterosexual parents. (Most of the time). got skool in the morning grr dnt wanna go =[!!! YEAH thank you! has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real. (KJB al day real It's a wrap (day 2); I think we made you proud! Playing marvel 3 for the first time in 5 months and playing with a stick for the first time at gemini was embarasing. I need to train. “: #MoneyTeam all day!!!” Fight night tonight! #CincoDeMayo! Have a great day!! Halfway done with #bourbonchase. 100 miles down, 100 to go. Transformer just blew in the heights. Sleep is non existent it looks amazing Justin! :) Wooaah, whaaaa?! Other people like my favorite band too? Let's tell stories about how die-hard we are!! At Petco Park watching CPHS baseball! Looking forward to speaking this weekend at See you there Sat. 5:00pm or Sun. 9:00, 10:30, or noon! just ate at Mellow Mushroom with Paige :) Thank you Someone call the CPD! Hundreds of historians are loitering at the Chicago Sheraton! but i miss so much our convooooooooooos . How long is it gonna take ? :'((( <3 <3 we could have used you tonight! then he's not worth your time, and yes it takes a while to get over it According to the Chicago announcers....our CBs are Beslee and Collins..., Rose and Noah out of this game is giving me terrible Cutler/Forte flashbacks How is somebody gonna get a makeover and still be ugly as hell smh Holy crap 30 rock is MURDERING right now!! I slept like a baby indeed hahah Whether it’s Google or Apple or free software, we’ve got some fantastic competitors and it keeps us on our toes. – Bill Gates talking everyday to not speaking When in doubt That's exactly what she does too! Ahaha. Congrats to all the #2012Buffs! I'm really attach We have had a ton of people spreading the word the last couple of days! Very Grateful KEEP IT UP :) Finishing touches are being added to my website. I can't wait to share it! its beautiful out here next to Hole in the Wall. Try our Cuban Coffee to sweeten your day! #free samples! Touché, I should know better than to spar with a mind as great as yours. :) I am going to need remedial work - got info faster from friend's phone call (TV news) and AOL. That's pathetic. I think it is my fault follow back Morning everyone!! I cut my hair, exciting! was super cool. I miss you normal hair, I cut in a new place, very good. one more snowstorm? why would you want such a thing! Met a lady @ Toysrus w/5. She said w/the last 1, nurse asked if they all had the same father. ?!?!?! Sad. Someone could of died because of this stupid prank done. Quad 93 won't take it anymore! Very excited to be playing at the new+improved ! Don't forget to mark your calendars for some great docs 4/26 - 5/6! Any recommendations for a laid back lounge in #Koreatown in #NYC? Something chill with great atmosphere #Rockies Troy Tulowitzki injures left knee (struck by line drive standing near dugout ) in #Giants game tonight (via ) Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :) Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Suck my duck bitch!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Swag! Swag! we all feel that way but god made you a beautiful woman by the name rocsi for a reason punk cousin whore wife thinking i really emailed her. get a life! lol..... how are you? TV eyeballs are worth more than bringing home the cup. yeah that's like my cousin doing that I would beat her up haha ! cuz people were blowing me up! I went back to sweepiez until you guys just texted me and woke me up again haha Get up today and do something, anything, that's bringing you closer to your dreams! Checking out the mobile digital storytelling session at I hear we have mutual friends! Hopefully we can meet soon. :) at home , eatin can I have the Louis picture too? Why do I feel like it's FRIDAY?? #reorganizingbrain4Thursday<Why not re-organize the calendar instead? Thanks for your tech savvy tweets. Can't wait for your book! Traveling for a week and half straight eating 3 course meals and not exercising. I feel like a marshmellow. Great networking tonight! It's not too late to have your hail damaged vehicle repaired at www.kingoftheding.com deductible assistance available! ....hm i feel like it could still be someone they know because i mean come on a fan could not have taken some of those... not gonna lie harry styles would make a good mick jagger Yeah you rite! RT: : Who else drove 6 hours to see your beautiful talented self !!! Big day for CORE: New and our lobby & bar renovation at both open! Just in time for Convention! 's ability to watch the menu of a DVD for hours on end floors me. Especially when it's insane circus music. I had to google coco puffs so i didn't misspell it.... nice poll just voted : ) I know! lol >.< I'm barely turning 18 and you?(: I hear you -- "Linotype" is the "Arrested Development" movie of booknerdom How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens? Wow, has never been more wrong saying not to learn to code. Coding leads to computational thinking, the real goal. Hey Courts. I saw that and added you too. How r u? You know I'm a fool for an amazing house. Merry Christmas to you too! Hugz Please no one tell me what's happening on we can't watch it!! We want to give love times three and present great music for you to jam and relax and have fun to!!! Our love is infinite!! HEY <3(: WHY dont u make anymore youtube videos? :[ and reply to me on youtube <3 Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you soo much Aye brah Where Can I Find That "F#ck Pok'Chop" You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN ! You touched my heart! Whoops. No. Mom reminds me It was Jair Marufo. Does anyone write anything original or just quote everyone else? Yayy I won bitchy bingo Sunday is the day I hear your new album and you hear mine. #blunts and #40s in IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS TONIGHT CALL 786 223 1654 FOR V.I.P NO YOU TOLD MY STATE TO SINK, IF IT SINKS I DIE I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first. is "hello" wrong? Happy Birthday gorgeous, hope its a great one! Thanks for the RT! REMEMBER GUYS: Always cherish, love, be kind, be honest & truthful to your wife or girlfriend. I didn't and spent the last 30 years alone. Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs. What's wrong with that? Of course, I probably don't watch nearly as many action movies as you guys do. Yup. Snark is cheap, and snark cheapens. So much energy & excitement!!! RT My, my, my, these #topblogueras are on fire!! Way to go, girls!! In the studio cutting two new Impressions singles RT : Morning lovelies, have a blessed and relaxing Sunday. Look for more pics of at the black expo later. :) do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist? FIRST COMMERCIAL IS AT 4:53 central ON 97.9 TODAY!!!!! TUNE IN!!!!! What is rule #6 of the 10 Crack Commandments? met the ultra talented at work today. best of luck to you and continued success! ok I wont to hear that new song y'all made We don't want people to forget to share what they thought of a place after checking in. The 3 E's: Easy, Engaging & Entertaining! I have been overkilling the ellipses tonight. Sorry twitter. #Jesus #quote Romans6:12 Sin must no longer rule in your mortal bodies, so that you obey the desires of your natural self. It's #WebWiseWed! This week we are discussing #cyberbullying-- how can we help fight against it? What can we teach our children? Mfs stay on the Heat head... Like they opinion matters. *smacks lips / rolls eyes Savannah & Jared are beating us on cuteness. We have to step up our game, babe. try creating a folder, put the docs in the folder, then share the folder. Love you little brother with your old, wise eyes. #MindBlown RT : ray allen missed a free throw??? come to providence and play DGAF! obligation smashion ;P you're welcome and thanks :) The biggest letdown is when the people you believe in turn out to be flakey. when bro? RT : When the tickets go on sale for the Future show what package did you buy in order to get into the monster pit line ?!? Have fun!! Damn it are you serious? I'm hott with you and your brother. I love your mother though. lol tell her i said hi smh so moises didn't know girl dogs get periods.. >.< Morning has broken.... but I have duck tape and super-glue. New Thumball Catalogs have arrived. Visit www.thumball.com to view. New designs & fresh ideas for Thumball Fun and Learning I know that guy too, he will wear them, but he's not a store in Boston.... Congrats for another successful fundraising event for last night in NYC. Great job & Great destresser sunroof open listening to and George Strait aye that's dope Barneys Backyard Barnyard The ultimate mobile petting zoo, we come to your event, parties, reunions, fundraisers. Now offering hand led p Thank you ! I look forward to more great info re women and minorities in the workplace. haha. I made it out of Georges apartment alive at least please follow she is you biggest fan!18 RT : Ca sends out first audit letters for 2010 #tax returns, checking "head of household" status yeah man, the password is..... you bet! Oh cool. iTunes is asking for a password I set up in high school. No idea. having fun in the la la land (; Your attitude is an unstoppable force!! Happy Friday! What is your favorite baseball movie of all-time? A glass of wine with Etta James under the sun. Yes, she got a suit jacket thanks 2 who picked her up, took her 2 mall, waited 4 her & took her to the interview! Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th. Those off to #NAFSA11 we'll see you there! Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend. Eileen. You don't even know. we taking over one city at a time. I never even seen this part of pussy town before! RIP game 3 come on with it! Did you see that movie with Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet Great job tonight at my home. People love you because you are real, sincere, and the only candidate that cares about SD. thanks for the aloha- have you ever talked to a neurochiropractor? They have a one in Mpls where kids have found help- he'd lose his mind in this house right now. heeyy! So i just watched ur most recent vid! Ahaha loved it :) how are you?! <3 my day is good already :} Life aint about SMOKING WEED & FUCKING BItches !! GROW UP I expect my last words to be "Hey, what does this button do?" Red shirt freshman corvin lamb with nasty 15 yard run left the corner holding. His jock RT : 'Cunt' is a new feminist zine from Australia - it includes a pictorial comment on female nose-picking plus much more:... Im funny! My evening is great. I just had someone answer the phone "who the fuck is this?!" Me: "the bank." #ThankYouMom... for everything! Love you!! <3 Pauly D will be on the air with us in just a few. PXY is bringing him to #ROC Mon (6-28) on Lawrence Street at East Ave starting at 7pm! got to sleep in today.(: FACK. #metropieceofshit bro i did TWICE not today. I went sunday. I heard it on the radio in between meetings. Going monday night though I'm pretty sure they dislike me more than you now lol That SOMEONE is one hot genius! Listen to her! On The Road again...Ha! Isn't that a redneck song ANYWAYS may 10th? one last show before you leave me? is that a big problem out in your part of the world? Explain yourself. I thought the final death rattle would occur after ATT gets T-Mobile to rule the U.S. with Verizon. not sure how you get into a slimey pebble haha, but when you are theres stop by for lunch! and congrats! everthing is good. See you doing great! I'm enjoying the songs. Nice, keep it up fam. Beef hotdogs with sweet baby ray's is amazing!! OUCH RT : 7:00am meetings should be illegal. Notably the day after a #happyhour send off of a pal for 6 months to Alaska. awesome man, thanks! gonna use that in my blog and celtic-nation post tomorrow! shut up!! you heard me ;) I want unification. Together, you're a force. Fractured? You're no longer the epicenter of anger. Tickled that the very sr citizen sitting next to me in doc's office is engrossed in the People mag article about Steven Tyler. #rockon ! Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. —Will Rogers So sorry to hear about your phone and camera! Hope you can enjoy the rest of your vacation nonetheless. Today field-trip to Capitol Building.. To understand one country’s culture, you have to learn their history. So much fun last night! I expect to see sing next time I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK! !!! We are volunteering all day with Cinderella Project MKE as "Fairy Godmothers" to help underprivileged girls look their best for prom! this neighbor thing is funny. Send her a card that says I know what u did last summer The Ax-Man cometh! Go Empowered by intense acknowledgment & epiphany. #gratitude of relief in recognition." I've met so many men n, it's like theyre all the same... Chris Fomunyoh says he will not be a candidate in the Oct 9 elections in #Cameroon. Calls elections 'charade of a process' Good d pacers i wanna i wanna i wanna touch you ~ Excitement! I will be thinking of you today! are you kidding?! That's a spoilerr!!<U+0001F631><U+0001F631> Glenn Campbell's Bongos. #band name what's the URL? I'm on IE at the moment thank you for following! yeah. A nice mix of George Brett anger/Carl Everett crazy. I didnt know ur mom was ! #dstroyalty Congrats soror on your anniversary! En Masse Entertainment Marks a New Era in Online Gaming with Launch of Heralded Action MMO, TERA what are you are reading? Is it bad form to tweet that your proposal was accepted for a conf before the conf announces speakers? thanks for the follow Good half but WADE needs to get going!!! he should just become an underwear model. or a nude model.. either way, i think all beliebers would be happy lol so epic I assume? make a cup of tea and listen to music Met lots of new friends this week, especially tonight. I will miss While temps made it well into the 60's today, lows tonight will fall to around 35. Temps 10° cooler tomorrow. The Hu Honua power plant was originally built in 1974. We are excited to retrofit the facility to a modern biomass facility. Wishing you could take it all back ive watched it before but not in a long time because theres no point to the shoe anymore!!! God was with me and my sister tonight... And I cant thank Him enough for what He did. how can we be lovers if we cant be friends exactly. Hopefully its a good thing lol Short film #Junshi that I was in won Best Sound Design & Best Narrative at the #VisuallyWiredFilmFestival! i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay I can't wait to see you and the rest of play tonight! :) Can't sleep, took too many naps throughout the day >.< that's fine! 6 days till two months<3 Never been a fan of hiding behind effects.. You may be bored.. But Atleast youre a dope rapper Your son is on the wrong side of history. Any relation to Harry Morgan, Colonel Potter from M.A.S.H.? yours is a shameful attack on Catholicism. I don't like the politician Santorum, but he is mostly an orthodox Catholic. Heading up to Boston w/ to catch the east coast's first Red Bull Thre3style - stay tuned DC I'm not getting any sleep tonight NFL is all posted from 160 cappers today with 10 consensus also consensus on Bowl with UNR and Over tonight...See ya @ the window I'm wondering if the word 'heap' belongs anywhere on a menu. #MusicFlow till I K.O.. Night twitter. (: Fire alarm 2 in the morning?? Really -_- yes I have Any NJ venue recommendations to play at?? :) And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years! 1 baby mama no bitkh no wife um off dis bouta g stroll I'm actually at the Sheraton. Sat morning works for me, before 9am panels; would Sheraton work for you? ...and then I go into the basement that smells like a post-Katrina bait shop and put on a jacket and gloves. Software = glamourous. he had surgery and has been out for a little while. Had a fun second day ... And it ain't done yet! That's a fair point. I hear he has a mini-Stonehenge as well. What must I do to make these cramps end? Follow Miracle Whip on Twitter? I'll do ANYTHING now!!! Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas. I miss this place. It should be a requirement to have one in every town. -T Thanks! I didn't know anything about the NISD candidates and was looking for a way to educate myself. Your video is a great help. u could not have picked a nicer week 2 b in the city. but stick around - it's better in SF when is in the house. She never realizes whats in her face </3 is in deep thought...I mean like "Marianas Trench" deep. make me join the club At #MillionaireMind intensive weekend! Friggin' awesome! Jimmy Flanagan of Austin GL Chamber also supports #Apple #atxgov, cites cutting edge of progressive employment factors Oh, so you're good at lying? haha yess! im dying of laughter!!! :D HAHAHAHAH!! AUSTIN! please dont stop, i like getting tickled. My grandpa has two purple hearts. If u went through the trouble of getting gastric bypass surgery then why would you eat fastfood everyday for lunch? This guy blows my mind. I SEE YOU GUYS Mall food court dinner. 6 months ago You're welcome. Thanks for checking out my videos! :) And what an awesome organization! Looks like tons of fun. BTW did u call the police yet on me? u mean to ur own cuzin ima beat u up I'm surprised you didn't superkick that cow that was in your way! Lol Enjoy the summer, Champ! Ya I deleted my tweet when I saw you fixed it, my bad and thanks! #10Facebooktips the layout keep changing when the hell is they going to add an dislike button on #Facebook need to upgrade that Protip: there is a coffee shop 20 feet from your desk. i would live to wait and include ! not the same without us all! The cruelest thing in the world is the smell of brownies the instant they hit the oven even though they still haveto 30 minutes to cook You wouldn't be a run of the mill ho...you kinda classy, you'd be a specialty ho. Um yeah, this did just get said to me who needs 3D TV when you have TBS' cameras? Lmfao RT I'm already knowing...he smashed!!! ill brb Avengers tonight! Avengers tonight! Whewwww Thank you Lord 4 medicine! And the best Chat Room on Paltalk is.....? Already following.. x is this a legit organization? Around what time in the summer would it be? Because I can't do July and most of August. Maybe the Bears are wearing sneakers instead of cleats. The equipment guy should address that at the half. just caught this nigga kenny in a full on sprint to the bathroom in flip flops he saw me n tried to slow down but i was already laughn Your love is a one in a million , it goes on and on and on. Thanking the big man above for waking me up this morning Omg I've been waiting for you to put this cover up :D hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage. Gail beat Velvet. Crimson beat morgan. coming up Storm vs. Roode. At Universal with the coolest people ever! , , and We're ready to partaay. daily #dressage tip: relax the hips! is the sun reflected in yr thumbnails? are yr shoulder relaxed and square? wrists vertical? lets ride! Gainesville hosts Olympic rowing trials for Canada Tired as hell Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade. I will be negative for a sec and say that my 4.0 streak will end this quarter. All my medical classes are hard as Fuck lol On board with this. RT : The straight baseball cap brim is this generations mullet. Washing my hair. I found it insightful (especially the powerlessness section; that plays out frequently between all kinds of people, I think). 1/2 5 weeks and 6 days until Pretty Little Liars. 9 weeks until I graduate. Life is cool.^^ 5 people in my 6th period now that the seniors are gone. Today I called Canon tech support AGAIN & went back to the Apple Store. Apple says they're waiting for Canon to give them info for an update I said to myself...dont do it..but I did anyway lol i made an account haha ..follow me>>>> x_XNitaX_x <<< im way to into it!! ;) TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD (GOTEK10 GPS WATCH LOCATOR) provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world. http: Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux Draw something = khuttington > so so excited to see you on The Celebrity Apprentice. ...See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com Disrespect isn't cool, but respect is. Therefore I have something that needs to be worked on. Drake & Josh and Twitter are keeping me from my homework so much right now. 390 is quite scary. Avoid it if you can. Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say Thank you, it did help. I submitted my question. Thanks again. It is 82 degrees "All he knows is highways and brokenhearts" Hello and thank you to all my new followers. oh shitttt. Can't wait :) everybody else gets earthquakes omfg I can't wait! #BOYFRIEND!!! RT?! Indeed. Did you make a PhD decision yet? Why is it that the history of war is rarely as politically fractious as history of money? What does that say about money? my argument isn't who is better between kim and nicki..every1 knows its kim even dick riders! My FACT is Nicki Minaj Is WACK Holy Crap it's freezing in this room!! And I have to take a test that I'm probably gonna fail in here?! FORK this!!! Thanking God for another's mother days with my mom(: Are you naughty or nice?<3 #WhatsGangster? eight letters that classify a lifestyle only certain people live. Please come out and support this amazing young performer. Tyreke will be giving a perfomance you will never forget. i just downloaded that album. I forgot how much I enjoyed it... alone, in my car, at the top of my lungs... embarrassing, i know J. Cole is awful looking lol Morning... getting ready for this doctor's appointment. I know God is in the healing business. THANK YOU LORD!!!!! Covering up my blonde. still haven't figured it out...haha. Maybe if you find me at the Pirates game tonight, I'll tell you... RT : "There is only one door, one bridge, one ladder, between earth and heaven - the crucified Son of God." ~ J.C. Ryle That right shoulder on inverted head and shoulder chart of $GLD is almost complete. If it does, time to load up. Hell yeah i already got enough voices in my head i dont need 20 more haha No: Eight, Five, Four, Nine, One, Seven, Six, Ten, Three, Two. That order. Watching #Frenemies Again :D Lol i might be staying up till 6am watching it over and over RT : When u find & develop ur passion, work doesn't feel like work & the results have the potential to change & improve lives. Rack City on repeat. Man you are all over Culvers in the AM! no I didn't, sorry I just saw this message too. whats your favorite movie? :) oh yea that's been gone a long time! Want success? Think of exactly where you want to be in a couple years & figure out how to do each step in reverse! woah don't get loud with Americans we are the loudest people in the world! #what tweet? 78F in Minneapolis. Tomorrow it is predicted to reach 67F! Love it. We're serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies! haha seriously, it's so pretty!! :) Missed you at 4Cs. Will you be in Lubbock in May? Congrats on the MA! yes I'm back hit my phone we goin out We are too! RT : Excited that I was able to convince to share insights re: AF New Media Guide There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway. You're bugging the crap out of me with your pandora ads. I'm never buying it. I think that's a rather narrow interpretation of human discourse. If you are a photographer your job is to make people care about your obsessions Cmon giants. One more chance! getting a acting audition on saturday #WISHmeLUCK Hopfully i get a career!!!It would be a #MAJIORdream come #true!!!!!!luv ya all Congrats to Jeremy Cerone, a junior at and our Executive Director, on his internship with the Council for National Policy! Hey Mother Nature, Father Time called and he said winter is over so get it the hell out of Omaha. Signed Ft. Time Peace in the Middle East. i haven't been on in a week :O I know it's a little earlier of Christmas but I LOVE new song #Mistletoe and this is my 1,000th tweet Students: looking for #career consulting advice? Contact Career Services to receive info regarding #job opportunities 216-432-8948 Don't ever take me for granted. #Virgos is easily embarrassed, nervously romantic, wary of their partner's experience, slow on the uptake & Would sweep u off ur feet. OK. I'm finally watching season one of "Stella." Insert you either shaking a finger or nodding knowingly here. I'll take wry smiling too. I am just getting more and more pissed at FaceFuck.They already have all my info all my photos.Just let me use my fucking account Never thought I would actually get pissed watching womens soccer...until today watching #AustinandAlly and lying on my bed.. chillin' #goodnight to all! haha I love your tweets haha I can always relate! same here<3 I<3how he doesn't give a flying Shizz what haters say.I no it probably hurts him but he ignores it My grandma has past away this morning :( I just realized it is Friday the 13th! U will be in my thoughts always! I love you so much San Diego prep star, controversial star Ricky Williams retiring from NFL. hologram tupac has helped me to filter out friends via their hatsune miku references I can think of a "real" reason for this and a "trolling" reason, and after consideration I like the trolling reason better just ranting about ranting..just stupid things ahhaah its not even really a rant.. hence the felling good right now ! :) The you've got to head to Pylos, Jackie! Or be my guest at our new place, Boukiés, in 2 weeks? how much did that cost you? BOUT THAT TIME TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!! RT : A lot of agencies are seeking entrepreneurial w/ own sm. business or blog. They love proactive candidates. Excited to engage w #PdF12 spkr about her activism work re: social protests & Israel. I don't want to go to school. (of Beethoven) "he even, briefly, owned a horse, though, characteristically, forgot to feed it" I have too big of a heart to hurt people...I'll be completely honest with you at all times Best Free Lunch of the Year about to Happen !!!! Carl Sagan is so poetic, he makes Stephen Hawking look insensitive. (Currently on a "Cosmos" & "Into the Universe" kick.) geocaching installation art; marketing make it happen Oh if you love me so, don't, dont let me be the last to know. I just finished a 2.30 km run with a time of 21:36 with Nike+ GPS. "An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." - Charles Horton Cooley hope you got one of those "free taco bell for life" cards out of it. If only to assure me there's SOMETHING worth living for. Good luck in your search! not everything that glitters is gold...its still glittering too... following up from this morning: how do universities reinvent their organizations to be fault tolerant and move faster? Heads up! On stage at TED today is Wade Davis! We're currently reading his book The Wayfinders for next month's TEDBooks group. is even better in studio than on the phone! Didn't think that was possible. Signed, BOBBY! I can't respond on DM... I think you have to follow me... lol so make sure you watch LOL Time to get creative on a Wednesday. Who's with me? OK. Matt is qb. We r winning. Defense is doing well. Why not add trickery to 4 n 10 ...we run it? Go for gutso! did you realize that Goodmorning Austin is TRENDING? ;D oh yeah. for the hour of choir practice that I was there for, it was AWESOME :) Drama free #IfItWasntForTwitter # would only be used for annoying phone prompts and quickly texting how much you want waffle fries thank you so much! Thanks for letting us feed you! For what purpose would social media monitoring serve if not for control? Terrorism is not an excuse. The Govt. fears the masses. Good! Finally! Cross-compiled #mono 2.8.1 for #OpenWrt on #armeb and used it to run a small #FSharp program on an RT : Bin Laden has been gone a year to the day. There is nothing better than burning >250cal and sweating profusely to get the day going. #cardio #LAFitnessinthebasement #consistency? How u gone b older than me still throwin temper tantrums grow tf up, DEPENDING ON HOPE AND WISHING CAN BE A BAD CHOICE SOMETIMES !!! Happy Groundhog Day! What's happening on #Larchmont today? holy moley!! Even the black ones? If so, I've got nothing :-/ i had tears in my eyes. Because actually that it so true. I feel sad. But on the other hand I feel happy about J Finishing touches to t- design today then submitting. isn't that a violation of some sort? What math is it? #IHMITA fact The Legends Ball is an after-five dinner event honoring leaders in ministry &the music community. and you just now tell me haha you're cute :) guess we ain't ever dating lmfbo. HEY I LOVE YOU<U+2665> You're amazing & im hoping you see this tweet & FINALLY notice me<U+2665> thanks Martin. It seems there's an outage on this exchange so the problem is bigger than just my services! Well now I hope game seven goes triple overtime A shout out to all the business profs at the #fallsschoolofbusiness at #AU for all the help they are willing to give to their students A successful practice! Only new songs tonight. That one felt really good!!! Let's just say that you're going to hve lots of 'close friends' suddenly when time for that VT cabin! Get it! haha! Have you tried peach? I wish I could do that with my cat but she'd never let me and she'd look like a rat bc she's so skinny under there. Who are you? What does your brand stand for? What do you want customers to take away from the experience? ..Don't know? What are you doing? Is there a public talk associated with this visit? Would love to attend if so. Whats up? Who tryin to chill? Word. I don't think they overvalued Yuni, think they saw him as replacement level. Same reason they didn't offer him a contract in 2012 haha that should get you at least a BBQ'd shark and a bucket of beer :) NEW OBSESSION with no streaming! www.playlist.com her game play or her vote? Every girl in mater academy thinks they are so cute when I reality they're just so fake. #ihavenotolerance for weak players that stay on the ice too long PITTSBURGH WE RUN THIS!!! RT : “: Young Wild And Free Is Platinum!!! Thank You Taylors” this old man on the tram has got his legs out and long blk socks. Bored out my mind, Lonely AF, It's a clear and beautiful night. Check out Mars, Venus, and Jupiter! Im out for the night loves, leave me with a blown up twitter to wake up to <3 Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta So, the price of drinks at a Miami hotel that costs $600/night are the same as most bars in DC. Just sayin'. (PS-I'm not staying here.) It's cool to see parents of children with diabetes and gluten intolerance when they find www.yestocookies.com "We need to empower our parents." Michael Flores, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary #supportlocalmusic Live with 3shots of local bands. Stop by Follow us. Share. I should have said 5/$80 to beat Wilson's deal. New Mixtape "The Seed" Coming Soon!! Dear Math and Biology, I refuse to be defeated by you and your concepts! I will end up triumphant in our battles! oh, ditto for you Spanish! Beginning of the week, end of the month, middle of recording our album. In the studio :) "Hey, I recognize you! You're one of the twins!"- A woman to me this morning Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually. I always thought mr.Kramer was in the hof if Forrest Greg is a part of hof then MR. Kramer should be as well how blind are people what?? Quite late huh? Don't u have school tomorrow? o.O lol what was the score? My split ends have split ends. some kid got introuble today for syaing he was drunk in school so true, so true. Food by Chef Jake Brenchley and 1/2 price martinis, all evening at the Scholars Inn. Enough said. Plz rt someone come feed me!!!!!! hell yeah I love that place! Which one da one on 15th? Current goal: learn to make homemade sushi. Anybody try their hand at it? Glad you remembered! RT : Off to New Orleans for RDAP! Almost forgot the poster - this is a note to myself to not leave on plane!! Send me the deets! #AFS11 -- It was great seeing folks at AFS11. I look forward to following you on twitter, The meeting was my first real twitter immersion. April showers bring may flowers. What do may flowers bring? I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Roy Croft. Tippo has been caught, by Lee hunter of all small household moving creatures.Lol Happy Valentine's Day! We had heart-shaped mini muffins for breakfast, and just baked cherry cheesecake cupcakes to share with neighbors. After 5PM, it is acceptable to play Slayer loudly at work. can pawpaws grow here? definitely recommend - they taste just like banana custard! You can keep it over there we have had more snow this year in MI than we have had in a lot of years. to funnay man! Who's going to the Broad Ripple Art Fair this weekend? #BackInElementarySchool when we had to sit with our class at lunch. and sometimes we got to eat outside <U+0001F601> I got some kick ass pics too using the 5d mk II...and it was on the top floor of discovery world! not rejected..such a harsh word. It's not you, it's me :-P is #FF already.... looks like it's going to be a busy weekend! Hope that you are well. I bet is out partying as I do flashcards for his class. #cool :) The music of New Order and The Cure is a lot more passive than their names suggests. well she looks like she's Livin it up In that case, they can pick the song! #HappyMothersDay to all the moms and moms to be! Hope U had a productive day, now go home & remember 2 devote uninterrupted chunks of time 2 the most important people in your life. you in team dynasty? You need to go do some ankle exercises yo ugly ahh Make sure you follow on instagram anthonyesoldo sounds like we gotta get drunk, come to wicker park. Corner of damen/division thanks man! How's everything going with you? RT : Be who you are, and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind -Dr. Seuss not only did she finish the monkey, but the elephant and giraffe as well haha IDk, People Are Like That, Lol Oh joy it's season. We have a lot of shady people in the class of '10. Big ol' shade trees. These mf say they support george zimmerman bc he killed a thug, this shootin range should be out of bizness, stupid shit like dat Off to the Pacific Northwest! Queen - News of the world album cover = Nightmares for babies. Genius! Last Thanksgiving, no one outside the band and our close friends even knew who we were. I was accepted to Longwood's CSD program for Speech Language Pathology - Class of 2014! ughh fine. I'm marking it down as a "maybe attending" right now Nick Young is still my boy. Stay safe, east coasters! So what do children wear when it's not cold enough for a big coat but too cold to go without? Every kid needs a sweat jacket The problem is worse right now because the Reebok contract is ended Jan 1 so authentic jerseys are hard to come by. Soon. Not today. I did not cry about Whitney till interview. Wow, so real. So sad I honestly am not being disrespectful. Why are you so mean to everyone? Your timeline is nothing but mean comments and anger Just heard Thunder for first tiMe today near 86th and Meridian #severe here in indianapolis Punching so many people in my mind right now. Burger Up with my dad. It's fair to say its a man date. Having a grandparent with early onset, I could not agree more! I'm on E....not the good kind. Brunch is on!' come on down! no, but i like discovering & sharing. you're good at memorable activities. Good luck lady! You deserve it! #NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min. try to be all in my face as my buddy again -_- And, obviously, any local Kentucky jazz musicians should get in touch with me, too. I'm in the process of getting the new site up & running. haha I sure will, better show me around! - Did u hear about the gay man who was balling when he got to London only to find out that "Big Ben" was a clock? So true! ": Wake up...Put on reggae music... I promise it will make your day better." *high fives* :) that's besides the point, but I can say I do recycle them. Lol Had to do some administrative stuff. Not nearly as fun as a photo shoot but has to get done. Spring Forward, more daylight! ~This is truly going to be the best Christmas ever!!! Once again the forums save the day! i was just heading to Chicago. Only 90 minutes, but 90 unproductive minutes, nonetheless. RT : Today's #ff is a hashtag! #ASTD2012 starting tomorrow, jump into the discussion and attend virtually through social. RT : Tom Baxter - The ultimate unintended consequence of hb56: the arrest of two auto industry execs Filmmaker Emilio Roso will be on my show discussing his new movie -about the ISRAELI MAFIA Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Norwood Talent Agency Corp!! I pray to work very hard, and to b greatful for all of God's many Blessings!! :) Great stuff by Lucroy and Axford on Molina. He whiffed on high fastball for strike 2. Ax may have wanted next one in dirt ... (more) I have a Harry poster next to my bed and yanno its just staring at me..awks Class of 2011 enters to Journey's Don't stop believing Counting down minutes to drinks and dinner with maybe yor peeplez should try food like 's? Might be lotz easier on digestive system. You can use milder meatyz you know the song Iris, right? Airstrip... we are getting this or something really similar next month #mlamobiletech gr8 for ob & neonatal Happy birthday! Hope you have a good one! I am a FAN of "frustrated"! Get it in! #stoked :-) “: moving on! haha working on touchups for my album today w #LullabiesforGrownups” I'm at 6. Congrats! Are you going out tomorrow night? ok, i can has focus now, these focus attention pills are like smart pills, they increase my uberness past the 1337 1v1 your post are funny, I enjoy them... interesting, especially being a former Edelman employee. if only she knew she had us with the ears. I swear to god, if I have to her one more Eminem song e_e yuk! Will they really try to play? oh bumz!! glad you're feeling better ;) great seeing and AJ out in Crafton. Keep up the great work like y'all do! Thanks for the mention Nicole . Good energy to you . Drafting my comp paper on #OpenAccess politics - overwhelmed. Going to have questions about #library budgeting for #subscriptions... takers? RT this if you love as much as we do ! They have the best I'm so sad I didn't know the abc upgronts were this early. I'm dying to meet u. :( Today was good until I got in a fight with the ground, it won. Prob rotator tear, tape it and race tomorrow. Was flying until I lost my edge Somebody's been putting used punk records out on the shelves! I hate how for the past ten years the public couldn't care less about #whitneyhouston NOW that she's died b/c of her disease it's so tragic. Oh you look so pretty! I love your outfit, its so cute! How did you get into the party? :) Great Show today! Mil County Board Chair Lee Holloway declares "I'm clean as hell!" after another supervisor is charged w bribery. More at 6pm agreed. RT : it must be collaborative so not just the e-patients research but input from both As always boy bands helping me through a hard time:) pandora... Sorry I cant let this thing go down without a fight. Even if the others go and alienate all of #MLA12 with their funruns and antics. haha k then i'll see you tomorrow! hahaha hopefully (if you dont get shot) lol just kidding! :D Its no problem for me but its a problem for you I am a senior, so this is my last semester sadly. I have mixed feelings about May and Graduation. Bumpin #Authentic Live in the X5 "Like Whoa" Sometime I feel like somebody's watching uss love the Lois Vitton bottoms. ..gives it a classy touch fucking love my draw full of beanies and snapbacks, need more. 2 of 3) We're passionate about connecting people and what it means to live in a connected, vibrant community. : yeah right, they are fun jump off chicks no, that's mine!!! r U really Allie?i think ur Awesome:)! if~if U r the real Awesome Allie pls be my tweeter friend & follow me back:)!i'm f 90! UCLA will be a train wreck with a ton of talent. Mark it down, big heads and selfish. Kyle Anderson is the worst. If a drunken mind speaks sober thoughts then does that mean a sober mind speaks drunken thoughs?. I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it. we can wait to have you. What's better than a league with one Mansell? I'd say a league with 2 Miss you, lady. The #starparty has begun! Can't wait for Chef Mario's courses! Gonna try to start and finish all my Christmas shopping in 2 hours. Procrastination at it best! How do I get my comics reviewed by you? a UK native is illustrating the lastest issue of The Stormchasers. The first gay president will be one who institutionally levels queers on the same field as hets. U don't have me fooled, Obama. Ok now that you done hatin explain to me where that got you... bhahhahahahah that was me on saturday Excited for #cubs season to start mine too, i just sync certain playlists at a time though to keep from having to delete anything. Nah not yet Mon I'll hit you up with a link once I find it I do :] I just can't wait to meet Dolche, Curtis, and any other pets they choose to adopt! I haven't met them yet :[ Busy day thank ya little bro. Congrats on the no hitter follow back? (: Racist bumper sticker of the day: "Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The American" people watching in front of the NYC Library my first #gslislibraryschool buddy - thanks for being such a good big sister mentor in this world of libraryamazingness We've been blessed with beautiful weather--which is a big help when you're getting roofing estimates. what are you wanting to put on the site? I'm a bit confused I'm just glad I was able to pull through today. #GottaKeepSmilingThroughThePain!:) Great im locked out of my house and my phone died and Im freezing please make this better by tweeting me?:'( Whn you need a cab/car service, we have you covered Seattle! Cars near you right now! Low waits, low rates. (206)722-7696 24/7 Harry Potter: the most interesting thing about the studio tour?: The magic of the Harry Potter Studio Tour is as.. Dont have numbers in front of me, but I think Minny still has more conference titles, NCAA appearances. Either way, its close practice at 8am is really throwing of my sleep schedule for this break... Yes. It will also be accompanied by the signing of a Red Cross CPR dummy as his replacement. Legless but better. Thanks to everyone who participated in our 2009 International Conference in Indiana - it was a huge success! Join us next year in Va Beach! Hoodie over jacket over thermal. i been ok...it's been long My green room is almost complete, yeah Would you like me to email you? I would, very much, enjoy reading your writing. Ppl in Boston are so f'n rude!!! They all need some ettiquette training esp. the staff at H&M RT : tonight on the program, a very special visit with Eric from ! Be sure to join us at 3am Happy summertime everyone! We don't always get along.. he thinks he knows it all; I'm quick to tell him he's wrong. But at the end of the day, we still love each other When working on your interactive projects, good rule to follow: the interaction must be clear! Cyclocross today... Participants and spectators are already arriving. Come on out for some fun in the mud. RT #TBLonELLEN !!!!!!!!! GET ON YOUR SHOW ASAP! THEY NEEDA DANCE WITH YOU! It will get better. i'm going to see horrible bosses!!!! time for a large coke and butter popcorn!! my critical thinking muscles are on break right now. Things are going great! is a hot club! Do you do remixes as well? Mark your calendars! Patrick Harbron's amazing photos of Rock and Roll icons go on display on May 10!... yeah. luckily my sister, my roommate, Dionne and another friend were there to babysit me while I slept for an hour. i know my ex use to throw it to me er day well geez! This is silly! Hope you're enjoying the Louie's! I would see you at lunch ): Hope you enjoy! I helped her make it! Keeping fingers crossed for Haamlicher Schlemmer- will hear tomorrow if they pick us up!!! Signs are good!!! Digging it so far. There is a layout & color where we can have almost an exact replication of our home page. omg that was so damn disgusting! Makes me wanna be sick! #StupidStereotypes That all black people like watermelon Scandal in; GCB canceled on ABC gonna be in town tomorrow and need a hook up. You got any? fans pay the salaries so fans can talk. your welcome RT : The Patriots acquire a second round pick from the Saints (56th overall) and a first round pick next year for #28 this year I also find that an impromptu routine to Sweet Home Alabama using a hairbrush microphone will usually do the trick. You should really go retrieve that suit of yours. You're going to need it. You shall not protest in overalls. Statement from family: Dick Clark passed away this morning at the age of 82 following a massive heart attack. Ish gets real when you have to break out fractions. Today is the last day to enter My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday. You have until midnight PST. Good luck to everyone!! "A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever." Why do you think I call you every morning! :) thanks so much for coming out! it was great seeing you With the 163rd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Angel Pagan Congrats to Dan Duquette on his Orioles GM role. We're thankful for his amateur Baseball contributions in Boston the last few years. He likes me I'm so bored right now Hanna Montana down my pants..... There've been an awful lot of #Tornados lately, but don't worry, Republicans say there's no such thing as #Climate Change. #NotreDame #football enough said I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day. At least I've heard of Papa John before this month #draftbigpapa get the word out Are you stoping at Sonioc then? for some tater tots... I just opened my door for a second and got a cool breeze in the face. Re(imagiNATION) has the brightest color scheme of all time. So excited for summer. You're welcome!! You did a great job! :) Decided my morning dance track will be all Donna Sommer this morning. O love to love ya' baby. Doo doo jump? ... Man that's messed up “#Children are made #readers on the laps of their #parents.” - Emilie Buchwald Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon @ Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn #uCantBeToughAndSay " this flower smells pretty." “: needs let it go , u hairline is like homerun ball , going back n back n gone!”that is very funny right there Booked A Holiday To Malta In June :) try selling it on Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect with buyers in your area! “You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. but he got me ! . claims in Budget hearing that #GOP #Medicare privatization budget "protects" the safety net I am the event coordinator's assistant for wedding season and until #weddingseason starts I am working as a hostess/concierge Exciting things are happening at Byrd Tile!! Stop in and see all of our selections. Thousands of styles to choose from...over 80 brands! Productive day w/ meetings w/ & - not all at the same time!!! good one<U+E41F> Lindsay Lohan caught drinking on probation. Sentence: watch 24 hours of Lindsay Lohan movies. (except Mean Girls, that one was funny) We should Bangarang on the Weekends. When we’re willing to face up to our faltering faith,we give God room to do what only HE can do. When we fake our faith, God won’t touch it. so jealous. Bring me and some please. I would be honored to make an appearance! What's the best way to reach you? Thx 4 the love! RT Thanks 2 Jessica bar 4a great time. loved BBQ shrimp&chicken thighs. Savory cheesecake a must! NO. Him and Caitlin were better :) Mega Bloks Builder - Pocket Gamer i'm sending all my best thoughts your mom's way!! JC Guess drawsomething is on hold!? That is a great picture! Gearing up for another huge marketing overhall. The best part of being in charge and a designer is when I get the itch to change, I can do … Fuck you Reading Counts. Is it wrong to hate pollen? Ugh my sinuses at least a dozen ;) Okay now that my favorite player #Melo is out...I have to hope the nuggets win... Stoked for the new Chelsea Grin EP! Counting down the hours til they release the single 'Lilith' hehee thanks! maybe tomorrow? You got the game sold up from R&B, Pop, to Hip-Hop. You dominating! Got my Fortune money ready, delux edition at that! thanks for having us and helping us get through the hurricane! I'm just saying that it wasn't like yesterday was the first time in his life that he could have supported the right to marry. hopefully we can prevent that from happening! even better I've been following you since you didnt even have a twitter(; Let the madness begin! :) RT : "Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress." - Nicholas Butler. we're trying to set something up out there very soon actually. :) um i dont know hahah sorry i forgot what we were talking about "You think i lost the best.. When i could do better in the first place(; Thanks" He broke up with mee. Really looking forward to going to Hillsong with 180 tonight! Then Kentucky on Sunday...busy, busy, busy! I got a kick out of the 2nd photo on the front of the "vision & overview" page. I think "Slavic Serial Records" represents the old! Borders closing = now 1 bookstore only on all of Maui. *gulp* staying in Orlando for the most part but I can always come back for a weekend :) Missed you yesterday, but I'm here in the store all day till 5 pm. Come by and get a free Dr. Pepper on the house. Thinking about Baltimore - all the time! the self/sings alone The Really Fancy Shmancy Place... what's it? o yeah. The Krusty Krab Anyone interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel & Mideast, is warmly invited to follow HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE TO-DATE!! OBAMA'S SUPPORT FOR #MarriageEquality IS JUST SO WONDERFUL FOR US!!!! IT GOT BETTER! GAY IS OKAY!! ": What is green and has wheels? Grass. I was kidding about the wheels." Just tapped, Dry Stout (replaces Brewing Imperial IPA) He's straight aggravating. Hard if not impossible to root for him Thanks for your support! If you can't find the sucker at the table.. it's probably you. It is absolutely unbelievable how much better I feel when I work out in the mornings. setting up a trend as a strong second half guy Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think... Wow can't wait to release our next round of artists pumped Peter Konz won't disappoint the #Falcons. Matt Ryan will have a nice mindmeld with him on every snap. Ok that's the one goal for #Chelsea Let's Go Red Devils Wow Oregon is trending. Lets go timbers! wait... First you'll LOVE each other THEN you'll live each other. Please excuse the typo. reading about anticipatory systems I love LA but I'd rather move him over Batum. Batum has 'killer instinct' LA lacks. LA for Rondo? She ain't doing shit if she ain't making u smile she can't do shit to make u not frown but who had yo back in your rain not her me What restaurant? EVERYBODY IN CLEVELAND & AROUND THE USA. GO SEE MY THEATER RELEASE MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'' IN RICHMOND HEIGHTS OR WILLOUGHBY THEATERS TODAY Please RT the poll and have people vote on it, interesting to see what everyone thinks of the UCL Final around the country isnt it? Bored! Somebody!? We appreciate your having a look at our Facebook page MaryLola. Thank you. It takes two things for a person to accomplish their goals, the first is to say it, the second is to do it. kills penalty. Downloaded #SteveJobs, the book, before going to bed. Bad idea. It's now 1am and I can't put it down. who is also a dog, My Man! Hows it going? What. A. Night. believe me, that was the first thing that i thought about! But don't worry, puking or not, i'll be there A friend is someone who reaches out for your hand... and touches your heart. First RHOA, now Homeland! Becoming very proud of my latest #PPC ad... That I did not expect. =) Yes, she's a tasteful cupcake, not like Katy Perry... LOL did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on you-tube You're quite welcome. Sun is out in the U-Ridge area. Could these guys -- -- be so lucky Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble #quoteoftheday Pain is temporary...Pride is FOREVER. Never sell yourself short.. Fireworks!!!:P and being a fat junkie must have been tough. I thought they were thin! How unusual Always here to help with beauty advice for ya! ;) Red Mile is going hard tonight for our last member turning 21 welcome to the club I know how you feel. :/ "oh kidneys." expressions of exasperation from How to Take Your PR Pitches to the Next Level on my channel its uploading right now lol and the video was love u like a love song I like drinking caffeine free diet Mountain Dew just because I think it subverts that soda's entire paradigm. wow that's good :) what sort of time are you thinking of going :) Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list? I have the same one! So my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday. I bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up. Ouchie! Man i been To nice To dese hoes If you go out with a plastic bag on your head, then you know it's real If I was him, I would buy shit else with his name on it.. RNS You will visit today and to reveal Steyner Of ranch leuc Austin houses and golf the policy of security Steyner Of ranch :-) haha the Kevin Smith one cracked me up! how long are you in Dallas for? If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics last day for the LOGO contests at www.creativeanimalrelief.org check it out great prizes!! March 1789 The Constitution of the United States of America goes into effect Too cool! , CMO, speaking Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids. hi sexy . My passion is connecting learners with learning & w/ each other. Love when learners find info on how to make job easier. ALL THE WAY! #phenomenal #number1 Just like last season!!! The Center for the Study of Los Angeles has released a poll on Measure R in advance of Mayor 's State of the City speech ... I'm watching some stupid thing on Netflix called "the facebook obsession". Idk why tho cause I don't even have a Facebook. Great 4step presentation from about while you're here, you should stop by my house ;) Stamped Concrete Patio Time , Pool Decks Too Suns could win last 2 and not get in if Rockets win last 2, Nuggets lose last 3 and Jazz lose last 2. They would be 3rd in 3-way w DEN-HOU. according to certain "people" cough CRough cough, we might be, but being the most frequently visible we are the best representation. aww I want one!! I just saw Drake and Kevin Hart chillin at this comedy show. Love how jealous dudes call me restricted to threaten me but they arent smart enough not to tell me who they are when I ask LMAO I agree, it was a disgrace the way Elizabeth behaved. An 8 year-old child would behave better. Think, laugh and learn with Bill. she knew she could have jump in and help her siser! To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. Andre Malraux lol! That I dont need to be on twitter! :p My negro, imagine my reaction. Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind. it has nothing to do with race Integrating with a poorly designed API is like trying to have a meaningful conversation with a drunk. But with you being sober. :/ good morning boo;) I vehemently disagree. At least not inherently, maybe some. re: "I think what people make with is art." — At an Elton John concert. 7ft Grand piano on stage should be awesome AH! The level of joy (and terror) in that pic make me want to move back to be close to you! You da best. I don't have action on the game but is that a bad call. I just had to listen to a woman flossing & gargling in the 2nd fl bathroom my hands look so ugly without acrylics on Getting my recording on with a fresh new act. She sing, write her own songs and she can rap!! This will be an all day affair Beat the Bulldogs! It's a coffee in bed with heat on sort of morning at the beach! We've changed our event to 2013. It makes more sense to do it then. More time for planning & other things. do it ahah parents know more like summer, when we normally have 80s/90s here in #Maine - it's nuts! Usually still having blizzards this time of year! No #USMNT in the Olympics... Songs? Let's take Ray Charles' rendition of America the beautiful: inspired lyrics, heartfelt performance. Hope trumps paranoia runs deep!!! and concert was awesome! didn't come out, so we couldn't give him our gift. :( To better prepare for the career expo visit companies websites and have a general idea of what they do/positions available. Tomorrow, join us at the Wine Bar to celebrate the 101th Anniversary of the music of Django Reinhardt. 7pm. No Cover. now following Castro is detested for suppressing free speech in Cuba while Ozzie Guillen is reviled for exercising his free speech in America. Let us know what you think of Miller Hall - I'm personally worried the new building isn't nice enough for the b-school. We are facing an insurmountable out-of -control compounding debt. These politicians do not have the intellect/skills to solve same fine thanks. :) sure just followed(: #woof ! san francisco 49ers She want them bobby ray bands.. Better to be average and stay real than be rich or famous and turn into an asshole i have so many new requirments for my surgery it has my head swirling. huge plus i will get to live. 2 months and 1 week till then. Better not be you!!!!! Haha -AliPaige Want to hear some of the worst dialogue ever written for a movie? Try watching "The Darkest Hour" lol! Your too much fun hahaha Hi John - thanks for the kudos! If you're at #CES in January, please stop-by the #ZOMM pod in the new products showcase. May this Valentine’s Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear Watching The BET Awards! Thank you! Tell someone you love them today because life is short. But shout it in aggressive German, because life is also scary and confusing. I love writing poetry on my sweet time tix and food. Dear Abby: Absence of table manners turns dinner into disaster Thanks so much for the follow. Wolf Blitzer. My wife will not let me say anything more. Help me out. Yes they would've. Point: it made funding more interesting, but didn't add money to the pool that didn't already exist. Never throw out your used clothes, shoes, books, etc just donate to Goodwill and help some folks out! Our moving crew runs on who's here with me at #dthr ? Roll call...? There's a differences between having haters and not being liked Sure were a hell of a lot of white people at this Kentucky #Derby post selection. Ladies treat a guy the way you want females to treat your dad. "Like a King" This sounds naive but our school's lifeskills program really helped put real-life fears in context. I took cues from them. In the studio with Gonna be a productive day. With some Pinnacle pals supporting another pinnacle pal sing at Howard Fine Studio juss gotta get through these next couple of days Visit more often! It is ultra gorgeous now - patio weather and NO mosquitos :) Beautiful day on #CollegeofCharleston campus. Just saw Coach Bobby Cremins and his wife! Trying my very best not to cry right now. Thank you for the RT today, wishing you a great evening. u want what lol Hey you're in my hometown! Go Bulls! idk u just tell me who u are ! you at bsu? Wish I could be there, love watching guys suck and fuck. ^tl It ready come and get it... Remember @ Peace & a Cup of Joe you can order from anywhere and we'll have it waiting for you... Chillin with the boys Always cracks me up! man my eyes stay red Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. Ralph Waldo Emerson Off to present signage, education, and other interpretation for the Croton Aqueduct to DEP with my team! Hoping they want to use it! At the airport bye bye MIA Welcome to Twitter, !!! Hope to see you in our contest next year!!! Bill Bauman (Art of Love summit) says that his wife of 43 years, Donna, 'exudes the utter gorgeousness of life.' Nice! ~mariageminded~ I mean in my head, painting with two balls is the combine moment, but apparently he was adding things into his paintings earlier I hate EOCs. and tweeting so much #NewMusic we had to tear down a virtual wall just to fit them in! pierce deserved to get tossed. He's a punk Now I gotta walk to my other sister house and get the key to let myself back in! Ugh miss you! I hate this feeling. It's one I know all too well. It's a thing called heartbreak and it hurts like hell. love you too Jess! <U+E056><U+E418> Well, we shall see. Where is Maryland Poker player Benjamin Lin on the list? Check your messages pls. (: I should go to sleep :/ see, that's why Brotha's love white women !! How big was the HDD of your very first desktop machine? ill miss you to haha! im trying to figure out how to delete it lmaoo! Just loaded some new questions into #SportingExplore live play. Lock in your answers! why we just can't be greedy :-) in there with his 1st win what up doe!!! Ima be pissed off on that ride to GVSU. Sending positive energy out into the world. Hoping for some back! Virginia government tax revenue as a percent of personal income (4.7%) ranks 45th. The national average is 5.9%. fuck you. Fuck this friendship we have too!! Broken nose? Self-proclaimed vigilante and certified stalker. Boo-hoo #Zimmerman #JusticeforTrayvon who reacted in self defense. My fiancé just came up with three great dog names for my next pup,lambeau,Lombardi or Shea great names can't wait isnt she great And now Romney is once again talking about the deep psychological effects of unemployment. Mitt's old job was telling companies who to fire. OK, thanks. All my wife says is "it's great" and I need more help than that! So uh, move to Florida? Kay, love you bye!(: let the twitter rape-age commence Would love some customer feedback from anyone using Marketo or Eloqua - I'm looking into a automation engine. Running errands and spending time with the beautiful ! Is it ever appropriate to say to someone you're friendly with "Do you have a crush on me?" 1000 tweet so in light of the occasion it goes to Augustana—Boston Marcum just shaving-cream-pie'd #Kottaras for his walkoff. Ahaha one run away from MIL having A-Ram @ SS & Gamel @ 3B. That owned thoroughly people on twitter convice me that this will all be worth putting up with “: After Herb Welsh finishes his report it's then Update.”<<-- god lets hope we get there quick. First gallon of water down! Cooking chicken then GTL & hit yoga... Ask a Lawyer is being held at the Main Library on May 1st at 1 p.m. They will provide free legal advice to the public on a first-come basis. The Lovely Boners Going to see keb mo in concert tonight. Anyone seen his show before? Wait a second. Is that a slam or a compliment? what are you doin? Hey, bad words mister! Focus on the Family! Apparently, people forgot how to drive over the long weekend. good joke thanks to The Katt's Local Talent Show for playing our tune last night! Who knows how many ears it hit?! Like my fan page facebook.comYunikFanPage hooooo aw mindless hello!!! he's so clueless. My evening: a NY Rangers win, some Bacardi and Coke, a little Spotify, and penning a piece for the next Update. No complaints. #nayaholicsalwayswin hell yes we do No one in the seat next to me! Means I can use the seat to hold my casebook (which might be a carry on itself) while outlining...yay :-/ Lmao at the genric album review but im gon kill the real thing!! LB..what a great photo. Looks like an ad for the good life. nice that they kept them <U+0001F457><U+0001F455> HOORAY! We are just weeks away! Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today. AGU announced they would reveal better than expected earnings this quarter. … Next #RedLine flash mob is coming soon...stay tuned! going to steal some wheatberries from the chickens! thanks for telling me your in Florida .......:( close but just too much going on. have a great time!! thanks for the mention. The entire team is excited to have Shauna joining. Twitter accounts on set through the voyeur cam: Cast & Crew Home sweet home! But look for me this wk in AL, TN, SC and GA fellas. I'm heating up the South. I want to die on the toilet. That way no one will have to clean up the shit in my pants that inevitably happens when you die. Al Final Rayados !!! lol okay thanks, now all I have to do is find the channel tomorrow and I'll be good to go I seem to have an unfortunate immunity to phone and bud.ge alarms; my response is usually YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO All it needs is some seastacks a few hundred feet off the coast. I'm lucky to have lived near both! Hi Bobbi how u been? ur pick up lines R hilarious, haven't tried 1 out yet but will let u know.When will u b back 2 San Diego> "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain RT It's just a glitch with the update. Love how your piece applies so well to parents working w/ schools & teachers on Special Education issues If you're reading this I just wanted to tell you I love you and I'm glad God made an angel as beautiful as you. I'd frreaaakkkk out && make my grandpa buy me front tickets or back stage passes :) when a whore calls another girl a whore... I DMed you(: Yikes, market looks terrible today! RT : OMG I didn't know Ghostbusters really happened! My heart is full of broken dreams and cold from empty promises. Teddy Brewski for jumping on Chad Ocho Cinco. Remember. The point is act like you've been there before? Chad hasn't. I see both sides. Hoped to, but have to see how this crazy day shakes down... Owe you an e-mail too re: OK--soon I promise! :) Another database: Veterans Appeals Control and Locator System (VACOLS) you should be able to get a ceasar salad at “ WON'T EVEN FLEX HASLEM LOOK LIKE HE DONE KILLED A COUPLE PEOPLE BEFORE”haha can't fight against the youth ! <U+0001F601><U+0001F44A> Thanks for retweeting, Shane. Hope all's well with you. If you're dream is different than everyone else's, it doesn't matter. Just go for it. we're in Houston, Texas :) We want a seat on your tour bus! And the best fries are at Lucy's Table! If really love someone you would set them free...but if they really love you they will always be there when you come back.^_^ : Too early to say. I'll let you know! Cousin Brucie played I Walk the Line by Johnny Cash. It was a dedication to Lee for Johnny's birthday Damn. I think I entered our bank account info wrong when filing our taxes, so now we have to wait for a check instead of direct deposit. Lmao oh snap! @ pretty_kia dang! that sucks ya'll would have been cute. Congrats to your sister and boyfriend! I ran that race last year and cried. It was my worst pace ever ever. Sand = devil. Cool! Thanks! Don't forget this applies to healthcare too. did u go to his web page. check him out. nice ????lol Thanks! Pub date is toward the end of April. May I please get a Birthday tweet from you and the guys?? Amen sister. If I didn't like what I was doing, ohmygoodness. how about Edinburgh? Liking someone and caring about someone are two different things. Just cause I am only your friend doesn't mean I don't care. Pretty sure I made a good decision...see y'all tomorrow on #classy night :) Q In the event that a pitch tanks, what should the writer do? Chat w/ exec? Make a fast escape? Washington D.C. (the elected ones) prove my point. Like really was up twitter Why do direct messages exist on twitter? 100% spam I am at a complete stop on it interstate highway thank you virginia Osu is lookin' mighty fine on MTV right now! : #RollCall, get it in #Represent for you #HBCU!! You know where I'm going with this...............No words needed!! Good morning on this Good Friday, the weekend is in view! Own the day. yes! I'll be home late though...my place in the heights...9pm?? New puppy needs love. Netflix date? TRAVELING CIRCLE will perform at Zebulon this Thursday. Details here: www.<U+200B>myspace.<U+200B>com/<U+200B>travelingcircle<U+200B> I wish I was beautiful... #libchat gaming amen. Doing a gaming present this weekend. Geek power. Check out awsome accessories for you harley. Custome engraved illuminated windshields. www.darksideshields.com Does middle school get inflatables too? Was going to invite some kids My last Friday in high school! Next week doesn't count because I only have to go for a few classes! B/c of I've become a master zester!! LOL Those random talks with the big man upstairs.. You can always talk to to him about anything at any time. <U+0001F64F> aww, looks just like you.. Lol ;) Good video games do more than entertain.They create a valuable experience in which players develop expertise, knowledge they apply to goals Excited for #hotties pizza (and wine?) night! consensus - we all agree that we can support the outcome - have a fall-back for decision-making; transparency is very important. Last day of classes. Yyuuuuuhhh And thats why ive never done acid, really dude, its a tree, not a pay phone “: You were joking? Chalk it up to #Poe 's law. ///exactly...and thank you Carl Demaio, Nicole Ramirez, Bonnie Dumanis and the current Mayor. ALL Republicans that support Equality. STOP THE GAY BAITING!!!!! With a journalism degree I can probably teach you to spell better than the other haha. Devotchka is the best thing ever. What are the odds of that; i saw a Navajo Nation Police cruiser. Been a long time since I've seen them. British accents <U+2665>.<U+2665>>>> Definitely.. its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people.. Go comb your hair AMeN!! <U+0001F60A> Praising God today for opportunities I never could have dreamed of- including meeting you!! <U+0001F49B> Have a great day!<U+0001F338> what's up? Bout 2 my hair soon so I can start my preparation 4 the weekend...I'm gonna get it in...o yeah! #patio love your welcome! Enjoy the cookies!! Oh, that sounds like a good one! sometimes, I want replay for baseball. Nine & a half hours of sleep and I'm ready to tackle this week. Sure to be stressful. thank you! I have even taught it to year 11 i took my name off the bottom tho x "customary" and "reasonable" is going to be set by the AMCs, I hope they can squash that! good FNX song choice! We should get jerseys cause we make a good team. Time for lunch at Tokyo Joes. Quinn's. In the hotel. Tibs with a great call out of TO... Nah, you dont need to! Art Bar is perfect, get some cider and have a good time! :) Great coffee meeting today w/ some Madison tech people including and You not on a computer?Shocking!! Are you at our neck of the woods tomorrow? Oh I'll email you staff meeting its in 2 weeks ish! I feel ya OK, If Portland Monthly is going to cover the tech scene, I'm going to feature The 10 Best Places to Make Out In Portland. Or something. oh my god i havent been on here in forever hahaha waking up to..<U+0001F4F1><U+0001F631><U+0001F632><U+0001F602> Happens to the best of us. thank you. thank you both so much. RT if you love Louis Tomlinson, i will follow you :) its Built to Spill at the Moore theater on October 21. o yeah I wouldn't have left just to leave I'm going to bake a cake. UC San Diego Sulpizio #Cardiovascular Center just opened. Learn how to get an appointment&keep your #heart healthy bit.ly/orlzed He's a tall white guy wearing a black Track 7 t-shirt. Prepping for arrival... Making sure she has an enjoyable stay I'm gonna find #oddneighbor on FB. I bet she's got some interesting things on there This is the day I have to say goodbye to my great grandmother and I don't know if I'm ready for this but the lord will see me through this!! represent and manage pro athletes. BBQ Chicken w/ noodles, veggies & salad, #YUM! god i can't breathe what is this. It IS scary when you first start. It feels like a huge jump off the "typical" ship into an open sea. Been the best thing tho. Well, I'm not going to pay full price to find out. :p Point of Origin: Poulsbo A.L.F. Destination: Sequim A.L.F. Prognosis: Favorable Shout out to my #Msmeca12 social networking session Hey I wanted to thank you beautiful ladies for the follow as it blew me away Ok maybe im not kicking this days ass. I hate hospitals!!! POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :) Hahaha! Best. Thing. Ever. The WOD for March 9th is: 500m row for time rest 5min max rep kb swings, 53/35lbs rest "Run Squat" 4 rounds for time: 400m run 50 squats Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. RT w/# 5 conditions humans need: mutual relationship w/another, belonging, meaning, competence, elaboration-the art making part Thanks for the RT, Mike! :) i tweeted yuu back are you in Lexington?? Wow you hit the entertainment 'bifecta" - ultimate Hollywood locale w. an ultimate NYC film!! Nice. Wah u mean direct message how u do that I'm just gonna call u no she wasn't taking a dump. Nice to see Deborah Homsher, Managing Editor of Publications, whose journal Indonesia joins this year I have seen it a little bit. I volunteer to teach college classes at the WSR in Monroe. interesting...“: For every 100 FB fans, no more than 16 will see your post (unless you're paying for placement). hell yeah thanks G! Good morning fam! Time to get your hump on or in, whichever you prefer ;) Be blessed and have a great hump day! Lakers may need to bring in Fletch and his afro to compete with James Harden and his faux-hawk. "no minority should have their civil rights subject to the passions and sentiments of the majority" pastor quoting Master the world of e-books! Sue Polanka's 3-title "No Shelf Required" bundle only $99 at the #alamw12 Store, booth 1835. Vancouver Sun’s Maggie Langrick recalls the unknown Johnny Depp Spent hour taking pictures of the Mifflin St. Block Party. The air was thick with bad choices and good times. "Is it time already to ruin Squid's day?" -Patrick Star yes it does Marylou's, then working at the bookstore for the day! haha i am 12 years old now. funny thing is...i have nostalgia thinking about kingdom hearts. i dont really treat my b-day as special... Hate holds passion, whereas disdain bears nothing. If you hate someone, you still hold them up for notice. Feel like you need a month to adjust for an hour. I've got a lot of work to do first! eating>>>not eating Patiently waiting for someone to drop a parody/remix of Juvenile's "She Got it From Her Mama" called "She Got it Off of Pinterest". You make all things work together for my good Ditto for this guy... I am le tired and le crabby 5 minute conference with my teacher today? Niice. Easy day. Bring it on Oh how u steal my heart..... Props to the for playing some #BeastieBoys joints before the game tonight "A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking." Jerry Seinfeld, born on this day in 1955. so many people love me somebody got to hate me I eat that pussy like cold pizza Reminds me of an old song... Know is the time to fert. your lawn to promote root development with top growth. I'd like to take this opportunity to wish a wonderful, happy #graduation! (I know it's not 'happy,' but I am so, so proud!) The women students at Georgetown University are not happy with men who claim religious rights over women's rights! do u have a facebook? Happy Birthday Harry Connick Jr. - Grammy-winning jazz/pop vocalist/musician and occasional TV/movie actor. My feet are cold :( Does anyone else intentionally deny number exchanges just so there's a small chance of being on craigslist missed connections? ": Just so you know I love everything you hate about yourself." I love when normal ppl S/O the "little people" lmao Best office answer: Jane's mom gained 40 lbs when she had Jane & her twin, Richard :) I take your point. But isn't there a difference between language and the pre-disposition to acquire language? Me me me!! I love this show!! ": #DuckDynasty tonight, who's excited?!" Gomez must be feeling better. He's stopped taking so many pitches and is getting picked off again. Considering you have missed the last 3, that's about right! oh yeah I know it was just hilarious. Dave & I do that too! way to go!! "How much are you selling the bridge for?" (high five!) Just Had Some Coffee..That Woke Me Up ^O^ 56 hours of labor, I'm finally an uncle!!! Beautiful #baby girl. : I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to Thanks in advance. Learn Chinese for the day: <U+767D>[bái] white . - I like your webpage. It's well designed and appears useful. It even has forms. #Teachers should check it out. "if you jump out of a plane without a parachute, of course YOU'RE GOING TO DIE" - my logic prof, 15 min. after handing out the last midterm And the fatigue from last week just hit me all at once yeah I miss you guys! RT : Salen: If you don't change the form of assessment, innovative teaching will just return to its original form. I'm seeing them Friday. Let me know how it is <U+270C> I dont think anyone really gets me... I just hate life sometimes. Are you seeking an Operational CFO to make a difference at your corporation? I welcome comments and feedback. Yeah I got "and this is crazy" It suits me well Another fantastic massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy. I highly recommend! GOOD MORNING !(((: good morning , what's up with the label I heard jive and AristA shutdown Chris Paul Need to be more Aggressive BREAKING NOW -- #911 call released from the March 31 murder of Mainstreet Grill manager in Your are welcome Princess. right now it's all about the three p's Prayer ,patients, prosperity Happy to connect! Thanks for the initiation. yeah. I turned around and you were gone. Then you never answered your phone! knows that community is the light in the darkness, and a big part of the Why. What a crazy winter ... Snow in South Carolina this morning! I am "Mathed" out...too much calculating going on over here...my brain is going to explode. please follow me back :) I can't believe its been 2 years since ur "Here we go again" album came out. 2YearsHereWeGoAgain Why don't we just go to school 180 straight days and have a 185 day break. Sounds like a wonderful idea... Driving me nuts last night when my phone would alert me that you texted but I couldn't read it. I believe. It made my day to see that you're coming to Philly in April. It says all ages though? I'm hoping this is a mistake. Not sure why we've dressed Morrison & O'Donnel if we're trying to win ths game RAINY DAY in Miami, but the show must go on. I've gotta show up because #educationistheCivilRightsissue ofmygeneration. Look out Tustin, CA, we're taking 5hundy on the road! “: DID SOMEONE SAY CHILI COOK-OFF????” blowing stuff up, fuck the police! Developing an awesome PR and marketing strategy for our client, Egard Watches! Then I have to prepare for my speaking engagement tonight! A… AM LyricalPursuit "No longer riding on the merrygoround. I just had to let it go." #goodmorning! Thanks for the follow! oh Madison. lol. How are you liking Chicago vs. Texas? getting excited for the Oscars...I thinks I am in love w/ ..Now I have to just get him to feel the same...LOL :) Tom Morello was just rude to his guitar tech after a song about standing up for workers. Yup. IMO the I.T. industry certifications business is one of the biggest rackets going. PEACE GMF, I'M 1 OF YOUR YOUTUBE FRIENDS "GRANDMASTERP88" I'VE BEEN PLAYIN YOUR BA-DOP-BOOM-BANG ALBUM FROM "88"!!!!! 1 LOVE!!! i know!!! he is having an after party but it's 21+ lol o ok Boyfriend sounds like sex omfg RT : Improving Markets Index Expands to 30 Metros in November: The number of improving housing markets con...... Yus, very. :D I feel like after a hangover. Don't want to be a jerk but, when a posting says no remote applications - only local applicants. It means if you're not local don't apply. Property Values: Real Estate for $350,000 A contemporary in Charlotte, a ranch house in Phoenix and an 1890 house in New Hampshire. Too many strangers on this bus to sleep... guess ill CAN'T KEEP SCORING ONLY A COUPLE RUNS A GAME AND EXPECT TO WIN......REDS LOSE BOTTEM OF 9TH. ON WILD PITCH. She'll never admit it but she is. Dangit! Fuck this ! i cant finish this presentation ! So it's $9 one-way on Hiawatha Service Line from Union Station to N Suburban Glenview. follow back?? =] the triple jump mark is bogus too. But I will check to make sure. Way to go tonight Tragedy Called Truth at East Side Lounge this Wed! EP RELEASE! BE THERE! me. Mr. Make-a-Move over here :b Trust Issues I has! I was thinking about how I never responded to you about that :( I'm out now but as soon as I'm home I will rain compliments I want free Moo cards!!! J Cole gotta somewhat unibrow ... nothing compared to Anthony Davis though (; lol "he's a freaky, sexy, dirty man." - my boss re: Johnny Depp I put on makeup to go sit in a dark room & listen to music. They better not call that a Gary Cahill own goal, Crouch... Would just be another case of rabid anti-Americanism I just read a book like that. He set up an important meeting for Sunday, then left town and was gone until Monday. What?!? this kid is a natural. He's been kicking everything in sight since he could stand. He has a distance of about 15 yards already. Get your hotrods ready to rumble cause we're gonna drink until we die. If you're at #SXSW today, ' doc "The Announcement" screening is today. Check it out before it airs tomorrow (9 pm ET on ESPN). Ever since Lauryn Hill was with Rohan, she changed.. She lost her focus - or she just didn't care about making music anymore. :( Jim Harbaugh is my favorite coach in the NFL...what an amazing victory today against the team I thought would win it all this year I love my baby mamas, they get my highest honor My cousin gave it to me when I was like, 5. I call it being highly educated lol Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design. so my other account now says So, is in Twitter jail. Tweet her on youre mean, but thats okay because im dating Naya aw, why a sad face? & cool! don't worry hun it won't end. yeah, I always ripped them off of the DVD cases. I happened to rip one off of a blu-ray case the other day. No worries anymore. Check out our updated website: www.creativerebellion.ca - We now offer high end Post-Production services including on-line editing! It was ok ppv #PeopleNeedToStop telling women their useful let the games begin. Were back in Atlanta for the Week, Who Wants to Get a Shoot on the Books... Does more visibility online mean we give up some of our freedom? I'm listening! A fun Friday phrase: "You shall know a word by the company it keeps" (Firth,1957). I've found a ticket to the world it seems when I create my own tweets I gain followers and when I retweet other messages, I lose followers. How come? no. it's the brain. You can't transplant it. Watching is THE highlight of my day. We loved having you there Jillian! Thank you so much for coming. Hopefully you enjoyed it! :) I'm freaking Hot!!! (not body wise) On my way to avon Whats poppin. Lets get to these M'$! My mom ruined our surprise -_- Gretchen: Add me on Google +? Regina: Gretchen stop trying to make Google + happen! what is the purpose of humanity on earth?... listening to the radio on my phone, which i only found out about today. tlkin to my wife on oovoo How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a corner with the #2 pick? and also just wanted to say praying yall have a safe and great rest of the tour!god bless man!cyall at cstone! learning about photonic signal processing @ the international microwave symposium..think i can count the # of women i've seen here on 1 hand EOC english 9.test was 52 problems long nd now I am sleepy this is when the middle finger emoji would be useful... <U+270C>-<U+261D>= <U+0001F60A> It's finally Friday! Any cool events going on in Orlando??? Let us know and we'll shout it out! RT : The hard roads are worth walking, every now and then. [...] RT : Czarshaw but at least you can laugh at their burned away pants. // Tweet. Of. The day. welcome to Washington, D.C. Keep up the important work of letting Members of Congress know that funding the Arts is vital. can you tell NBC to bring back Fear Factor.Either re-runs or new host.All I know is I miss the hell out of that show. don't go home w that dude that you've known for about 15 years. Lmao Ok I guess u not gonna show up....to Ur own show now that sounds fantastic! How long should a battle take in a 50,000 word novel? What is everyone up to for St. Paddy's Day today? #iwanttoknow I want to live vicariously through each and every one of my followers. Permission to join this conversation? cc I have followed you to your new home. My home hasn't changed; still waiting for the re-follow. haha, that's why my assistant director bought multiple copies. She knew it was going to happen. Yeah … about that. Think this country tried that already. Abolished by the 24th Amendment. I know last nights Lakers loss was horrible. OKC played near perfect. Unfortunately for them, a performance like that only counts as one win glitter nail polish > WI: Recall Republican Governor Scott Walker Primary Election polls open at 7:00 a.m. today May 8th. General Election on June 8th. VOTE! Its not many females that can speak their mind and be real and still be loved by many.... i do this As long as he does it as compared to the last two times when he didn't. #InMiddleSchool I remember when me and use to argue about sports everyday in gym class them Ligon days I don't know why, but I can't get into this whole twitter thing!! Earthquakes in San Francisco are like riding a big wave surfing. Emergency testing is really unnecessary during my late night tv. Shy can't they just tweet the testing? Military Secrets Leak From U.S. Universities With Rules Flouted I sorta called it back at 7:26 when you asked how Inge could send msg to old team. Wasn't a walk off but, give me some points did you regret ever standing by my side ... :( Dovestech and conduct technical research and benchmark testing on deep #packet inspection from within the Doovel #Hadoop architecture. i totally understand but don't delete your twitter! i don't ignore you :) Unbridled eroticism in Makropulos Case on par with that of Lulu's—especially Act II. awe thanks!! :) Laughing my ass off at 3:40 in the morning cause I just heard the ending of 's song Mr. Woodstock , he makes my days :) Ehhh back to this homework <U+0001F616> I'm watching this ghetto show parking wars on A&E!!!! you should use what ever bread he usually eats and just let it get stale and use that as the base chase will you teach me how to dougie? Lightning talk: Dave, NPS, Society for Historical Archaeology will take place in Baltimore, Ft. McHenry. So.... I've been thinking about Botox lately? What are your thoughts? It also follows the basic printing techniques along with certain other points. Want a TCStarlight t-shirt?! Just RT this and we will give one away to a lucky RT'er this afternoon! Lamar Smith just voted that employers have the right to demand your Facebook password. He works for us. Let's demand his. How do you enjoy your time off? Plowing seems to continue, but which roads are now clear? Make a map. Show us. Post it. SM communication is so 90s. Did you get to see the shuttle? SWRO progressions followed by 100 burpee challenge followed by field notes. Tonight v. Santos Laguna. Let's go Sounders1 yeah not sure if i can make Outside Lands but still hoping to catch you guys! hang in there! Xoxox Gretchen Wagner: Communities need to start advocating for mass digitization Goin back to sweet home Chicago Yo snoopy used to footwork? Wit his nose up "I don't have a shit sucker in my bathroom" #mymomsfriend #lmfaooo people too funny.! Get right people in the room who understand your log term vision and want to help/know how to get you there. it's not very deep. Just people looking for someone to vent at/about. Really. Enjoy your night & weekend. I'm out. :) Every time Jon Miller says D-Backs, I think he said "d bags" Fa real! That's a mess! : RT : Man,Fridays poisoned ya girl.<=That shit sent me to the hospital. great idea! Thanks for the suggestion! I got the biggest headache at work man smh Six months until my twenty-first birthday #scarythought let the countdown begin <U+2764><U+0001F389><U+0001F381><U+0001F388> We want to thank everyone for coming out last night and supporting Totally Cool Totally Art's youth art exhibition opening! Love waits for one thing, the right moment. Anna My answer on to: Can my landlord make me move?..I'm in a commercial buidinlg and i need help ASAP - Since you h... idk ask g money“: whats good with the track ?? #QuieroConocerte” De Graaf: Polls show that Americans are happiest on Saturdays and Sunday mornings -- despite saying they love to work. On #Auburn grad & NFLer leads #bike ride around #Alabama to raise $1M for #Tuscaloosa tornado victims On my way to the 2nd Annual First Coast SURFERS FOR AUTISM event at the A Street Beach Ramp in St. Augustine!! Come hang out! "After all, beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy!" not just training. Users aren't puppies to be "trained". Love never seeks riches, it makes RICH what it has. RT : RT : My boo killed that "War Song" I never wanted anybody more than I wanted you, The only thing i ever loved. I guess. :P I'm going to try to come to school tomorrow. :) Had fun tonight hanging out with Jeff loomis and John McCarthy at the nevermore show, hangin with alexia laiho tomorrow. Stop snitching Thank you very much for the RT Remember wonder ball, the candy? whaaaaa harvard is after you??? Get it girl! I wish I was on a boat right now Guys! I'm so sorry for the interruption in tweeting the Rampage game for y'all. My laptop died and couldn't find charger. Sry :o Can't a man brush his teeth at work without getting grief? Didn't realize it was so tabu in the men's room, haha! Lol as long as there are no more Drupal questions ;) Just shoot me an email. You have dysentery. We are so thankful for our consistent volunteer Mary O'Neill who comes in every Wednesday and Thursday to help us out! She's awesome! motherplunker we gotta chill like this weekend kay? Ok. Who scores this game's GWG...I am saying Parise Sorry guys, was exhausted and needed to get stuff done at home. Oo they childish! RT : Timeout : I just got a private call &amp; a bunch of females all chanted my government name 0_o wtf... I'm obsessed with her. She's my friend's daughter, came to brunch with us, slept on me almost the whole time! Swoon! I'm sitting here like, "what the hell?" why? Cause in hungry. I gotta get somethin to eat. One lead we're still tracking down is insurance. So if you know a guy... Just sayin. I'll take two, but only if they fit magnum bottles Most people sin because of the lack of #identity in #JESUS #gzHi - she's like perfect. A Goofy Movie. So when you need me just say hi, how you doing turning 16 tomorrow impressed with use of twitter and web coments role informing next day headlines in response 2 stories posted as they break Next screening: Double feature of Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 THIS SATURDAY NIGHT! 4-8:30PM Mansion 101. Thunder is on a murdering spree!!! hahaja I don't think so, but apparently were following each other Bed. I need to clear my head. Girls are starting to seem more and more like children... Impressed by tall tales and shiny objects... Oh man, looking out the window... it is getting dark already! I wasn't going to say it... Alright , Vonnegut was in the Battle of the Bulge. You win, but I was right too so it's a draw. i know the feeling what is the line up for this year's Congo Square New World Rhythms Festival? just watched too. Feel the same way! Brutal wait are you in Boston this weekend?!? is very pleased with the progress he's made so far. Now if he could only get the people on the street to start speaking textbook Chinese! yes, NYC bound! We'll be moving this summer! sad to leave my great school behind, but excited for new adventures OMG .. she LOVED it. She couldn't stop talking about it yesterday when we were at my signing at the library. I'm amazed! This guy at the gym discovered a way to build muscle. Apparently all you has to do is grunt & holler like an asshole for 2 hrs Just bought a new pair of TOMS. Today, April 10, 5:15pm. Tech Tower. "When the Whistle Blows" ceremony to remember campus community members who have passed away. you been drinkin all afternoon? lol wait im subscribed to you for sure now hahah i had some trouble before but its all good now x] Turns out she just wanted her cheese cut into smaller bites. She has been calling me Sara all day, and finds it hilarious (it is). Admins learn that it's a matter of perspective... Half full or half empty glass? he ended up in the streets of Saltillo.His stories continued for some time,the ceremony was over but I decided to stay a bit longer with him Beyonce Is Just Too Pretty ! (: <3 Good morning ! (: Don't forget, writers' workshop in Columbus, Ohio, log into the website and click "Workshop Materials" for details. thank you so much! I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world Hey guys (: "I hate my cat" Sweet the Morels are starting to sprout in the backyard again! Last year we harvested plenty! what's w ? $21.88? George Wallace? Since when is UFC on Fox run on radio. CBS owned Washington DC sports station is carrying fights live... You know, the third best way... Be smarter, faster, more social. RT : If you just answered and apologized, you'd be making progress yup, well we've all been there. Dunno or we could go to the west village? for adoption to happen faster, ePatients need to become Activists for non-ePatients that's good shit right there..minus fashion shows Who is excited for the Wednesday tip of the week??? absolutely dear! When it's Fed, it's a character flaw, when it's Rafa, just a blip on the screen Shooting a new TV spot today. Say hi if you see people with cameras and gear walking around today. Austin,Tx tonight. Geisha room. 422 congress. At 5th. lol what we gone do ctfu and I have to put ty to sleep to smh Just chatted with Judith Carson for a piece about the Walk. What an amazing woman who has dedicated herself to helping others. For sure. Landon is a prima donna who disappears in critical games. Both will be surpassed by a dominant player soon (hopefully). you should follow Define old??? LOL! Yep, we've got a busy spring. . totally agree. Great recruiting job for Stanford, but let's see what he does with that talent. Fingers crossed. /cc Heading to Laredo TX for business. Saaawwweeeeeettt. I want an r2d2 cake When I'm txting someone and someone else takes their and txts me instead and I have to reply and be nice<< I need to start looking for a summer job -_- show me tomorrow... or send me the lyrics via skype or something. T-minus 15 days til the premier of Servant Warrior Radio. I'm jacked! Station 2 b announced on Friday. God rocks! Armor Up! +1 RT Q2: Weirdest was probably helping a dominatrix upload her pictures to Craigslist. on the KNPR you're doing it big time! I love seeing it. Keep it up let me down smh Thank you for following us Grannies, ! We look forward to following you. don't get mad when I get home and best yo ass then :) Gray is a crown of splendor: it is attained by a righteous life. RT Jesper Hugh I'm inspired by Tim Ferriss and i'm working on getting the 4-Hour Lifestyle Therapy Dogs will be visiting the campus libraries on May 7 and 10th. More info to come! Tickets for what shows? Saving up for Lolla I hope! I'm gonna try and jump on the early birds this year. It is time for wrap up at #book2, followed by the free wine. How time flies! ": Trump on Fox's pregame show: "Your picks are worse than the ones Andy Dalton threw last week."" Chuck Brown... God rest his talented soul!! Kennedy Smith we have 10x the amt of retail space for our pop. Amen. Pacers up by 9 fucking yes. John Disque is scary but he's a great writer and a great photographer and he obviously loves what he does. Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 4 can't wait to hear what you guys do with that track Done for the night. Check out vicad.com for more stories. I'm 48 . . .with life chill, it feels like 58! Ok u no its bad when u have more text from ur grandma bout your tattoo than your rents CONGRATS for winning male artist, villian, twit, and teen choice hottie <3 #beliebersgohard! Looking for extras for a TV spot shooting in Madison, WI on Tuesday, April 10th from noon until 6pm. Get back to me if you're interested. Thanks for the retweet! So glad they publish that info! idk. we'll figure it out when the time comes i guess. thank you. (: lol so your name is...Bill? If you want sunny, come to the Sunshine state Duffy! :) ah so proud of and for breaking boards!!!!! ood. We wouldn't be friends... All these Windows 7 commercials make me puke. "Oh Windows 7 was my idea!" Well here's my idea: Get a freakin Mac. While I buy my mom a card & flowers for Mothers Day, your over there buying her pills for her hangover. Haha (x follow back please? (: I'm dreaming of a white Christmas... I have never seen this format (debating on the NY Times). I don;t have time to read it now, but it does look interesting. How's the view?! RT : Found front row seats at the Skillet concett rocking out so hard. Sending our thoughts and prayers to Ben Cronin...stay strong! we r in atlanta. So we wont b there this time. Thanks anyway. :) we like! RT : Feeling great after a good at home yoga sesh :) Get at me bro. Not sure. I know the firm has agreed to use union labor and hire through MN unions. (hence, our support) Everybody has a story..... Looks like we have two hashtags going #arld11 and #arld2011...do folks have a preference for tomorrow? Suppose to be highs in the 60s... Life is good, there is no problem too big or too small that God can't solve. Thanks for the FF! Have a fabulous weekend :) ITS Birthday ! She's 17!! Her name is chelsea ! SHOUTOUT CHELSEA & RENA! Sat's Cappers total 125 with plays in the NFL with consensus on both sides and both Totals going today 9ers leading 48-34..Back Sun omgg GRIND.. hahah hvnt seen that in TOO long. Just ate the most dominant beef sandwich ever mmmmhmmmm wow it's early! Are you guys always up this early? It's 12:30AM here...and I'm still awake! :O I'll be there! I just realized my phone charges more than I sleep... Not Okay!!!! YAY BLACKHAWKS GAME ON A STREAM! (even if it is in Spanish...) Alcohol taste like candy when I'm drunk! N I love candy At the request of , the quartet is playing part of the score from The Fountain The Wire. : Fully caught up on #MadMen and #BreakingBad. PHEW! What's next? It's been cool for a long time. As a young AD back in '88 I got my brother Keith to letterpress print my wedding invitations. don't like this Sarah Allen person. I used to be your distraction. Aww, that's so sweet of your client! Rodas: on autism & video games--thesis that gaming architecture is autistic in form. #DH & (Dis)abilities Studies come together. Haha it's the best thing ever! It's OFFICIAL. Gettinq a TABLET on MONDAY! WOOP WOOP!. Lol xP Other hopes for today's MD Leg. special session: progressive revenue pkg, incl $247M in income taxes & $7M in corp. taxes. Fingers crossed. WASH YOUR HANDS AFTER YOU PISS YOU DIRTY WHORE. UGH Love quoting movies? And you're not following us yet?!? We can fix it - here, click on & follow! New blog post : 8 Dieting Tips for A Smaller Waistline “Beware of the wolves in the sheep’s clothing,!!! Catching up on some light reading... Looking for a new place in 2011 check us out 858.279.7410 Thanks for including us! I would be happy to send you a better logo if you'd like :) hell yea; i use to have that shit on my myspace page playing. Lol All i want for christmas is the charges dropped Lol! You know I got dem racks i was tryting to add it up last night. I'm just chasing a dream... Drinking a cold Bud Light Lime to get my day started!! miss you! How are u? hahaha thank you, "snaps for" group iMessage <U+0001F602> neither do I..... Lmao I'm working towards delusional. It's beer for dinner. How did I miss the Bocce sign up? Guess ill have to play next year. How about more people listen to Kay? 5 more days left of classes, YEAH BUDDY You are wearing your shoes and somebody is walking in and out of your life with your keys in their pocket that is not fashion Early to bed, early to rise! Goodnight! :) :-) RT : My favorite part of the movie was wen miley cyrus came and sang wid "OVERBOARD" (: you telling me the sad commercials don't make you sad!? RT : RT The 2nd episode is live! Check out our interview with at factory!... ice your owie "single & ready to mingle ;)" tweets from Justin. What can brown do fo you? Maybe. Many people are overwhelmed and just doing the next thing. They are not even necessarily aware they're avoiding intimacy. The spicy pork burrito just made Monday a little more tolerable. "Success is getting up one more time than you fall down!"... "BE A WINNER!" same actually. I keep forgetting tm is Saturday. Thanks for the help with it! While I tend to be sympathetic to publishers--or, rather, actual publishing employees... : We second that! Thank you Mr. Kristof for being a voice for so many who do not have one. sigh of relief for now I call it like I see it. Through a blinding haze of bitterness and spite, that is. www.RegimeChangeMusic.com to download my new album for free only for te summer. Plz let me know what you think. Okai Haiti New batteries in my beats & a fresh beer. Time 4 the We now enter the 10th day of the #Assad regime massacre in #Homs, Want to sample fine food? Willing to share your notes with your Twitter followers? Then apply to be taster at www.TasteTweet.com Plz RT "We have a Hulk". I call him Jesus I cant say it enoughn Me to:P everyone okay? The penguins are revolting! Run for your lives! I really enjoy watching America's Got Talent with Freygirl! It's the only thing that's got her out of her room for weeks! I don't see phx nor njd winning. So yes, the NHL will be happy to get the media markets of LA and NYC oh I will. Any suggestions from the coastie? Looking for musicians that think outside the box. Think differently, unconventionally or from a new perspective - www.USAMusician.net I get mixed feelings when i see furries in public. Watching all of #thewanted's videos. I love Nathan.<3 ahahaha. Me and my best friend are so pathetic. <3 You and Jackson are going to love The Avengers. It was amazing! let me know if you like to come by RT : Pink alert: Damsels in Distress is currently on 5 Laemmle screens and is closing on all of them after Thursday. (singer of your theme song L.O.V.E.) rocked it on #theVoice tonight! "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." [Bill Cosby] Please follow me back ?:)) Highly recommended. Whether you are an introvert or an extrovert, it is always good to learn about yourself and others. oh sush! ;P that record would assist me “I did then, what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.” ~ Maya Angelou Education is an admirable thing, but nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. where are you? It's FIRE tonight! Ga. is Praying for safety for those in southern Indiana and Ky. ...and have me hidden under your desk giving a BBBJ drenching your balls while a vibe egg brings me to climax. This producer's manual is 34 8.5x11 pages long, and NONE OF IT is in verse. Brutal. Damn LA Stage Alliance...all this prose is madness! so sad :( :( Poor Whitney :( May she rest in peace...:( Your words are my food, your breath my wine ": "You know I'd walk a thousand miles,just to see you tomorrow......TONIGHT" name that movie lol" if they ever give me invites i'll pass one your way Is back in the states from spending 2 months in Venezuela. I'm now gearing up for the launch of Tune Up Philly next fall! Stay tuned!!! thank you! also how do u know if u meet him!? The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. Darren Sutton calling the game tomorrow? Yep, ill listen We would love to have Baltimore customers. I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day. Material Girl - The Weeknd >>>> Best song (: Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves, NOT an advisor and Wall Street. I just don't care about certain things anymore. Rotfl! Dude we were so high. That shit was so much fun. Not 100% sure that's what it was. There were ticks, flu-like symptoms, & antibiotics. Erred on the side of caution. "Are you irish cuz my penis is Dunlin!!". Lol MI people: you can all thank me. Florida liked me so much, it followed me home. :) The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was. If I'm Kobe I'm saying fuck it and I'm shooting every time I get the ball! Girls gotta eat am I right!! thts awesome! Guy bestfriends are cool :p Hello to our friends ! Inspiring young adults to integrate academics and wildlife. Which coffee drink at Sebastian Joe's do you love to get you through the day? temperature drop? Mine always does that... If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy. Should you be disorganised, your business would be disorganised. Hm. Sounds familiar. she's pretty cool. Thank you THANKS!!!!! GO #TEAMBLACK. Can't wait to see the show Saturday. Watching "Friends" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV. #Fishers #BoyScouts Thank you for the RT! ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 26 He can make her cry.. But seeing her cry makes his heart break too.. <U+266C> On this day in 1995, In our wonderful business of music, new technology is christened in the form of "MP3" <U+266C> Who's your pick for the finals this year? We can help you market that listing locally and Globally! Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100% free at Klockle.com So shocked! RIP Whitney Houston. retweet if u keep it Thank you for a great AR workshop today at SI NMNH. Very cool technology, fun to both use and program... I <3 (but you know that) Preciate ya!!! RT : what's good !!!! I'm glad things are still progressing for you I went through your pictures , and i cry laughed . the best time to wear a striped sweater, is all the time! Thank you Simon Cowell. Is social media sharing the same as learning? Sometimes, not always? I think sharing deepens understanding + memory. “: Lol aww reminds me of Jon so much haha! xD im so excited for what he has planned!:')” me too! :) Great story on the Moss Vikings tweet...that's what made me sign up today. Love your work, go Pats! Sac Kings looking for 17th win and loses against 76ers by 22 points. not down with pain therapy today? How about a little retail therapy? We have so much body jewelry, I know we have something just for you!! You also influenced Anna Wheeler! She co-wrote "Appeal of One Half the Human Race" with William Thompson. ok thanks Agreed! Happy to connect! you should have thrown Dobby at him David, MandaS stayed place. BettyB was my NYC neighbor, I sing in S.F., y haven't we met yet? U know Linda Krauss 2? Got to be a bad ass secret service agent gun holster and all today DJ Chris Brooks us rocking right now. Fantastic music! Great vibe! Arsenic and Lace tonight and tomorrow at 7:30pm, and Sunday at 2:00pm presented by The Shelby County Players, SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF TRIUMPH SHOUT UNTO GO WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE WE LIFT YOUR NAME UP!!! hey thanks for the follow im followig you back .... Hm, no one is at school at 7:00 in the morning... is that code for day drinking? If so I love it I want in on this code language thanks for the follow! Hope you have a wonderful weekend!! All the work you did to make my life feel like a vacation.. please skype me i am following more people then i have followers..i'm a stalker D: but i love you all :3 I love my boyfriend. I heard "It only gets better" and "I'm not going anywhere" and took it hook, line and sinker. Now alone, is it God has a better plan? I am the only single mom at the zoo today. It made me sad for a bit, but then I realized how much easier it is for me to get my kid n go! May you follow your dreams this day and everyday this week. It's never too late to dream a new dream! Happy Monday :-) Based on my view from the back of the lecture hall, my professor would reach more students if he put his lecture slides on Pinterest. Werd! RT : Beast mode and $2.50 miller tall boys starts in 20...also the #Brewers play the yes but i just lay there Soccer is on tv in the den. Flopping is out of control. This is why I don't watch soccer. Forget yesterday Why thank you beautiful <U+2764> #Touch on Fox...Oh wow. Another autistic kid with mystical abilities. That hasn't been done before. Hahaha that must get annoying after a while. I've always wanted to name but daughter your name, but spell it "Katelynn" The thing I look forward to the most on Wednesday is a.....cookie tote. so happy the mile is over .. did it under 9 minutes <U+0001F44D> Balls. I have to do this. #earthquake Wow, that was a big jolt. I hear 4.2. 2nd big jolt in a couple of weeks... In need of general contracting services? Give us a call; we are ready to assist you with your resindential / commercial construction needs. We are an authorized Reseller of the new Pitney Bowes "Volly" service! Want to know more call 505-899-3104. Celebrating Cinco de Mayo by playing Coldplay's "Yellow" on guitar! Luvvin the sounds of Asus4 & Dsus2 sweet! Hope u r shining ur light too! Had a great time @ Riley's last night! Next up: Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Friday, Gruene Hall on Saturday & "Sing A Song for Story" Be I'm craving BBQ chicken wrap from Red Robin !! I hate when somebody put u on blast in front of everybody. That piss me off Thank you God for dying for me! I love you and I give my life to you! Lead me down the right path to be in line to what you have for my life bahaha or mullets over bangs My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. Hey thanks for the RT! Will you make it? I'm glad to see the remixthebook Twitter project is still going strong. you guys were awesome tonight. Thank you! Chickpea Stew Recipe from Bon Appétit Guuuuhhh, my body hurts. Good night. Got lunch brought to me by a surprise person....brightened my day ALOT! Never Say Never. Put Your Hearts Up. Radiate Love. Just Say Yes I Can. <U+2665> Heard that was checking out amazing student art at Gwen Frostic School of Art Exhibition last night. What's up with 5.4.12? “Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future” - Oliver Wendell Holmes Getting ready for the big four awards! That's the way to do it Staatz! Remember Pearl Harbor #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "Please hand me that cherry flavored food." About to make some breakfast. Haven't had hot breakfast in a lil minute Transcend what ties you down. Chocolate dipped strawberries is a staple in this house Lmfao!!!! I feel the same way!!!! I dnt want ppl there lmao!!!! thanks! Changed my password. :) Wow, I didn't even realize it was Good Friday today until yesterday. Where have I been? The more freedom we enjoy, the greater the responsibility we bear, toward others as well as ourselves. We would spell it week sauce. “: This Silver Dome story is crazy. #Maddow” Ha RT According to statements by the candidates, at least three Republicans have been told to run for President by God himself There's a wedding and a whole lot of jailbait in this hotel. I'm in desperate need of a good laugh...anything ridiculous happening? A Happy 420 to all those involved! Time to get in some exercise with one of my many Jillian Michaels dvds then off to tutoring kids in math! welcome sweetie wow, thats fast. btw: she was also waving to the camera, the cameraman supposedly is her BF and she was on phone with him waving? gonna be all kinds of huge! I'm back to work this afternoon after a couple of days off... can't wait to get crackin' on Brew Crew Reading is like going to church. Such wisdom. How about we stop paying attention to whether its the GOP or Democratic Party. Come up with a plan. Whoever has the best plan wins. Shout outs for all the recent love. Thanks! Hon trademark. My take. Yous ain't got no sense at all. I live in the power of now my actions now will determine my future Magellan Midstream Announces First-Quarter Financial Results, Increases 2012 Distributable Cash Flow Guidance Back hurts. :/ thanks hun RT : HAPPY BiRTHDAY LOVERBOi!! HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD ONE:) HOW PROFITABLE ARE ONLINE STORES? Missing somone + No Text or Calls from them = Pure Depression i hope you had a good day today. Are you ready for tax season 2011??????? Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists have merged effective March 30, 2012 #Sag, we will get along then :) Now I can't figure out what to get MY mom for mother's day! Any other great ideas? Your Other Youtube!! Mission City, Minnesota Merry Christmas! May your day and your family be blessed! you miss me that much? and I are playing at tommorow! makes me laugh......love everything they tweet alright is in use again! I have due to drunks inability to remember haha i peeped it earlier i was like hold up is he really talkin to his self funny as fuck 2nd appt... I have Central Serous Retinopathy. This afflicts Type A people when they stress out. :( Vision hopefully restored in 3 months Our robot ears are getting mature If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.-- Maya Angelou “: next paycheck” haha ya give me a few but think of all the joy it brought you...in fact, now that I think about it, I should send *you* a bill. :) No doubt about that! David Rumsey's new blog provides an amazing overview of the past decade. His first site went live in 1999. www.davidrumsey.com/blog Officer elections happening April 18th at 4:15 in VLIB 201! Come prepared to introduce yourself and describe why you want to be an officer. wah I pray everyday for it! happy mother day to every on twitter GRRR. Hospital assures me routine lab work is fully covered, then sends me a $280 bill. Why does this business model still exist?!?!?!?!?!?! RT : Gross! RT They make Apple Bottom jeans for men now???? o_O Smh! I wish I got a picture. #wheretheydothatat? what story is that for? RT Saw an awesome short film tonight at Paramount studios! GATEWAY by Incredible job!!! Not yet Vicente. Focused on the 50 states for now, but if there is demand in Mexico, we will be there! Shine responsibly! I want to know how much money Blizzard is making today. Damn, I guess I have to watch that next, gotta see me some of that LOL and gay boys of any age and walk of life woohooo Write it up fast Will and get it to me ASAP! Let's be first. Thanks for the follow peeps!! I fucking hate when she does that. HATE holy shit. that's depressing, and sad, and scary. Little cousins birthday party today. Moving at the end of the end of the summer- so I'm creating a #Pittsburgh bucket list ... ideas? Word is there's a point of order on SB 1581 that will kill the whole edu fiscal bill. No one knows what will happen. i love that show <3 nothing you dusty At The Odyssey School learning about current research on executive function in dyslexics. Grateful that they offer these talks to patents. EZ lube just became a #NASCAR pit stop. I feel like they're gonna change my tires out and I'm gonna peel out into the street lol. $ so what's new? Been doing without for so long, forgot what having anything extra is! Haha! You'll do just fine, enjoy! buddy, after the great things I've heard about her, she's already got my ebert and roeper. Michael Jackson Had Secret Affair With Whitney Houston, Says Bodyguard Who Claims He&#39;s Blanket&#39;s Real Dad We schedule our milestones around methinks i need a mental health day off from work(s). Getting ready for the Scottsdale Health Care golf tournament tomorrow- With this wind, I'll probably be hitting it more left than congress. Watching dog people talk to each other outside. Rarely run into cat people outside. Close call for the #2 Monster Energy Graves Yamaha rider Josh Herrin going off the track in qualifying. He was able to recover & keep it up Thanks for this---one of my fav. SD places. Gotta get them tweet numbers up I'm going to practice living fearlessly. I have been through the storm, so now I know better than to fear the rain. Is OFF NOW @ myen #ff #followalibrarian because I keep figuring out how to do twitter by watching him! & he's got a great info stream going besides! That's what I told my team at work, haha! I keep meaning to catch repeats but no time. However I am determined to do (start) the Gilmore Girls Reading Challenge I always thought the #Padres would win a #worldseries before the #rangers... Who am I kidding, no I didn't... This Patrick Willis E:60 story is heartbreaking. He starting working full-time at 10 years old ok, & we sure word! we should talk on facebook when you come back so we won't be all over everyone's TL, haha <333 Report those compliments to your ass before it grows so big it forms its own website Thank u for all the well wishes, likes and tweets today. Am excited about this new path. It makes me tingle. And not in a bad way.... yeupp , I'm from itanhomi well my family iss , and i have family there(: I suppose since I'm looking for a job, I should tweet about smart things...but this is my personal account, not a work account... Finally! but it didnt come quick enough too nice to be inside working Let's make some money! Terrible, am I, child? Even if you don't mind maybe not, but we could buy Ranger from the sales of it:) Saw that Gov. Ritter is quitting due to family concerns. Cynical, old me wonders if there weren't other, ah, concerns. out of work, thank God! when are you gonna make a new video? I nominate myself to be in the future Satellite music video. heather needs to chill out haha. i'm sure erinand would be very surprised to hear that she won an award! Closed the deal with National University of Health Sciences thanks to John! Isotonix will now be in their clinc =) I agree with these NCAA courts have lost original individuality. The small host logo in the corners doesn't cut it. Just wrapping conference call with Watering Seeds Founder regarding NBA All-Star weekend event. Details coming soon.. Thanks for the love! It would be interesting to compare how methods & "ethics" differ b/w the two groups, obvious exceptions aside (e.g., IRBs, etc). These sheets are clean. GoodMorning! Ohh wait it's only Thursday? Ugh! I admire u. I am NOT a morning person!! umm... you can dm it or send me a twitpic of it:) passion - there is always something else to be learned. Passion tends to be left at the door of schools. Need passion in what we do RT : someone is playing with your poll... Should be 50/50 at best. << What's it at? And see my comment. Rules = rules. Got into Georgetown Masters program :) I was up until almost 5am not able to sleep & woke up at 9:30. Cheese and wine flights! Who knew I was missing out on this for a good portion of my life? b/c tebow chose the jets. Weird, huh? Only thing i can think is god told him to. DUI checkpoint tonight! ! ! Hollywood and Gower! Be safe tonight! im sorry lol but thanks for the follow Just #Sweaved a #ggplot in #RStudio... and then the world exploded.. No problem. That was really freaky! By the way, you taught the BEST audition class I ever had! Hope all is well. Finally the #Aztecs are off to a quick start, leading 28-18! This rain sounds beautiful out of all my pics yu chose that one. Why ohh why? Lol =) Stafford would make a good actor . just started its presentation about wildfire costs & tech. Not as many ppl here as I expected <12. well, you won't get shit from me. I'm a sucker for animals, moreso than humans, at least humans can take care of themselves The word school looks really strange right now. I feel like I'm not spelling it right. I like seeing us pick for a position of need. Hope he can handle Pats WRs. Who the fuck is this motherfucking chola you guys talk about!!! lol Snack between the nipples. Learning guitar is what I give up every day yet struggle through every week. Ugh haomework is hard! Hi Don! Thanks for your great words today. A reporter from the Christian Post would like to get in touch with you at 3 pm today. Um, its at least 80 degrees in Atlanta. Please tell me why you have on a "fur" coat? RT Great to see (National Park Foundation) getting into the Valentine Day mood with "I <U+2665> Parks" icon! The prob w urban public transit: if you work in the burbs it takes you an effing year to really learn the system. Talkin shot to me because I talked shit to your cousin, your petty Rock it Music Studios making its move from Greenpoint -> The Paper Box (in Bushwick/Williamsburg) today. Will be open in a couple days. The fashionistas love the black lace. Everyone else loves the poppy. Maybe all this indecision means I haven't found "it" yet Say happy birthday to me and i will follow you! I PROMISE!!! Happy National Sandwich Day! At BV, we're partial to our Smoked Turkey, w/ Cheddar, Avocado & Chipotle-Lime Aoili. What's your favorite? There is no easy road to success Pretty sure I'm not making good decisions that will better jet lag. -__- lol if I recall perfectly fine, I almost got a heart attack last night cause you!!!!!!!! Lmfao Rough wk of work, spilled coffee on laptop, but Friday Night Lights and HIMYM marathons w baby Averie sleeping in my arms made it all better Boosty_Collins is the man At The Sound in Charlottesville getting ready to track drums for 'Feel' and 'Guardian'. The beauty is inside of you!!! Only disadvantage to living on the water-- #tsunami advisory. Hope everyone stays safe and takes the necessary precautions. I believe today is gonna be a good day :) bahahaha RT : We still have a wireline phone at our home. Nielsen just used it to call and poll us about our Web usage. Your a** is grass tell me to kiss it I pass in life you make a wish and it fails but I have found my love atlast you crash and burn down lol aw I hate school. I'm just laying in bed. Hahaha(: Hi, ever read the chronicles of amber, the chronicles of thomas covenant, or xanth Just watched Crazy Stupid Love. Thought 8- in 5 games against the #dodgers, the Brewers are 4-1. There have been a total of 16 runs scored in those games.. maybe it wasn't such a good idea to be friends with that fish :P S/O to the party promoter working overtime to print club flyers for RGIII's arrival tomorrow night... yup RT : I could watch #duckdynasty all day...oh look, a marathon. Yea I could see that being fun. J E T S, Jets, Jets, Jets. Should be a good season for the green guys. much colder. I saw yo mommy & she hugged me Lolololol. :p It was a rhetorical question. You're old and wise enough to know what that means. :) hi! Good to have you back. I mean Kinkade heckled Seigfried & Roy in Vegas & pissed on a Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal, all while maintaining a Christian front. Wow. I honestly don't wanna go to school tomorrow RT A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. Richard Branson Just spoke with God. She's pissed. You messed with the gays. All you #GOP types are pretty much fucked. Mahomies are the best! Beliebers can't even fall short of them! Who's winning guise?! We know why you love your jobs - because you are great philanthropic supporters of the community! Thanks again for your help Jam Session tonight at the Falls 626 S. Spring St. Downtown LA come hang and play tunes. I have a date with my bottle of wine and my couch tonight RT : Can't control the sender, can't control the message, but we CAN educate the receiver!! RT Opening Day at Fenway Park is one month from today! Red Sox vs. Rays, April 13th, 2:05pm Pay What You Can Tonight! 8:30 show, doors open at 8:00. you make me want you And now back to our regulaly scheduled inane Tweets. I enjoy your website. “: Thank you President for standing up for the #LGBT community & for the rights of all Americans to marry. #proud” Well I need to shut down lest my tweeting leads to the demise of my flight. I hate when the flight doesn't roll to a stop. BWI here I come The Big Bang Theory is the best show on tv right now. So funny. No matter what type of day I've had at the end of it God is still as good as ever. Never trust a big butt and a smile what you mean?? I'm hungry now....and thirsty! Lol I will go as blonde as possible, but I can only get highlights cause that's my voucher :/ that's true.. But they have topshop Hell yes! RT : Yes! Auburn, IN, USA please! Bring too! is "side hustle" code for "pool cougers"? Leaving in 5 hours.. Gonna miss the States.. “: no prob buddy! Thanks for singing the demo hook for tam, k, and myself :)” my pleasure! Great hook! I think your Twitter account may have been hacked. I've been getting some spam DMs. Costa Concordia: bridge officer training is a rigorous business Man, Omar Gonzalez sure did make A.J. DeLaGarza look 10x better than he is, didn't he? Ha. Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning. good game tonight between and sabres. Bruins looking for some payback. Should be good! Check it out. This girl looks like a horse its a tie between Captain America and Iron Man RT : Wanna send a special shout out to all of the Spring 2012 graduates. CONGRATULATIONS! Keep soaring! :D “: So glad I am stickin around for another week! I'm so stoked about the song for next week:-). Ready to melt faces.” : No, I do not use it. Just seemed to me to be a great idea. I mean the signed shirts lol *starts a three tongue stretch* :D Eco Academy students & teachers are rallying to save the libraries at 11-12 today! Olympic btn Union & Alvarado! I am fairly certain you can monitor twitter lists, let me investigate a little further What do you miss most about the arcade days? Fuckin mad crazy today! Got a nigga wantin to dip! Had the audio & video tracks been separated or were they still joined on the timeline? Once sep., we don't have merge featr I havn't sent out any messages today about a funny pic. It got sent to me & I replied to it & it went to all my followers. Q6 If you could volunteer abroad anywhere, where would you go? hope to get to the show. will look for you! meow. I miss you! #cody what do you do to pass time on the road? :D I believe in The Most High Jesus Christ <U+2764> At least I tried homie Song of the day: "Little Talks" by Of Monsters and Men. They're great. High roller. It must be mandatory for all cover bands play "Brown Eyed Girl" and "Sweet Home Alabama" lol. When baby Starting my mini vacay to SF with a muscle relaxer. Unfortunately I actually need it. Fun at any cost! pimpin all ova the world 's kitty tweets are blowing up my phone. What a prrrrreacious kitty he is. <U+0001F431><U+0001F6AC><U+270C> I am thankful that it will all end eventually. How dumb do you sound saying a fan doesn't cool you off. Pray and act, then God will open the way for you. :)) RT : "For every complex problem, there's a simple solution that's wrong." (guest on ) RT : Briggs is missing..a Boston Terrier last seen near Park & Stowell in #MKE! If you find him contact Tricia O'malley on FB Do you know someone who would make a great volunteer tutor? Send them our way! We are always looking for more help for our adult learners! Perfect day to kick off #brewers season! Yeah Yeah #millerparkopener Go #brewers!! nasty nipped Nate PLEASE CHELSEA well listen of he made it through anyone can make it.. No problem. thanks for the rt lisa! Major delay on red line. Holding over @ every stop. Single tracking due to a cracked rail. I not recieve an announcement from oh u did those straight days at work again.No wonder u're up at this time.What you got planned tomorrow besides sleeping<U+0001F632> U must B smoking!!!! Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now. I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again. UW seriously considered canceling UpToDate last year. I think the current contract was a 1yr emergency band-aid. Can anyone recommend a podcast hosting service? Tried today but it blew up in my face (technically speaking). Get ready for Des Moines - tonight! Wow Lucia! Congratulations!! austin follow me it's my dream Bikram Yoga New Orleans on Julia is a beautiful space. Give this new studio a try if you're looking for Bikram or hot yoga. Writing #Rainmaking Book for attorneys; finishing up taxes (yeah, my acct is mad at me), and just work - but all good #wheneverimbored I have a little fun ;) Going to get my Beats By Dre tomorrow :) bahaha your officially my favorite tweeter Our CEO Kathleen Feely "Casebook helps workers enter data in real time." Looking forward to an amazing 2012! Last night I had a dream featuring Rihanna. We were being held hostage by terrorists....How strange! John Dimick earns the sweet upgrade to Sr. VP of Programming & Ops at Lincoln Financial Media. Guess we have to start treating him nicer... I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion... it's a great quote, isn't it? good one. :) hey, so how's Roger? Did you finally talk to him on atticus' phone? Captain of industry = Paternalistic Figurehead. What does it mean to you, and model that meaning of leadership. How are you earning points in Pottermore? Are you brewing potions? I suck at that! Who do you envision sharing the success of your home business in 5 years? Make sure you're working to keep them part of your life now! Who's Liliana? RT : Kegs and eggs has started. Food smells terrific. Chow all you can eat and 2 drinks for $17!! What? You heard me. Thanks for the follow you hot thing! Give me a shout out to your readers, won't you? i can do this. I hate it when my sons eat something I've saved just for me of corse we can :) I think about that shit everyday breh! thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed (1/2) God does u a favo when u loose certain peoples numbers. check my new site and follow me on twitter!! www.nwboatsports.com Race After Dark tonight at Zuma Fun Centers!! Unlimited Go-Karts, Bumper Boats & Golf for only $15.99...starts at 8pm tonight! Starchy food and baked pork & beans also will produce nightmare, as will various morbid affections, such as aneurism of the large arteries. This is the Part Of Me that you're never gonna ever take away from me!!! Kamali making me laugh but I feel kinda down right now /: Discussing life and all of our common goals. Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll- please. Follow. Back. practice your music..... Wow what away to end the game FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today (say hi!) - and btw #RickSpringfield is there tonight -CV <--Jesse's Girl #thingsthatstillapply don't call me slave I see I should have stayed up for the 3 OT game & glad to know that Stanton saved Bell's ass and the Fishies won the game in 10 innings. Um...they're $349. What kind of job do you think I have James? 95% of what we worry about never happens and the other 5% we can handle, so why worry at all? I woke up hungry af though, sat whweeeet <<<<> French toast/eggs/and a Apple Vanessa Hudgens&#39; Thigh School Musical We like to think PDX is lush with food. Truth: Oregon is embarrassingly #1 in childhood hunger. Support & Mixing mixing mixing. As you slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point in the wrong direction....Happy St. Patrick's day!! Gotta love Kirk Douglas! Funny stuff! Best supporting Actress...Melisa Leo! austin can't do his ustream today, maybe he wont do it next week either but the ustreams will end at one point. maybe not now, but someday stop saying yolo. Congratulations! They're lucky to have you! Heading to Downtown San Diego to eat Korean BBQ... Like wtf is Korean BBQ? that icon OMfG Just got done watching The Dew Tour.........what a great job Wade and Allo Sports along with NBC are doing with this event! i think im going to delete this account, no one talks to me and im hardly ever on here. watching you now but it wont let me log into facebook D: Holiday Inn is launching another hotel brand...do you think there are the market is already too crowded or is there room for them?... Nadine McCarthy WG'12 is bringing fine jewelry sales online with curated pieces and independent design on Oristocrat “: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."----#message #SUCCESS” I'm in the May issue page 52. Timeless Tips "I wasn't that drunk..." "Dude, you picked up a little mexican girl and screamed, 'DORA! I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'" YOUR A BEAST! ;) Hey Austin it's me from the beach I really wanna see you again so I will think positive and never say never Hint superman :) snowballing is fucking hot. excited to be here! Happy Birthday ! :-) The Power are a game out of first place with 3 games remaining. The Playoffs are in our grasp! LETS GO POWER! I can't believe some senator compared Marijuna to opioids. Opioids is a whole different game, they get a hold of u & it's hard to let go. i gotta say. Movie looks like it could be the second notebook I'm still confused why the #Astros have a hot sauce packet race. Oh well, time to get swept! Go #Brewers! Scanner info? RT : Burns to stomach and throat. Child having a hard time breathing, life flighted to Emanuel Let's. Go 49ers You should stop by and do a #wine tasting! damn. Definitely a manly pair of sneaks - A homie I need to see if you can email me some songs!! The Nissan Leaf? Are you kidding me?Did they only market hippies? The Ford Sloth has a better ring to it. Anyone have an invite to Google Wave? :) I love Thursdays. Israel warns of terror plot in Sinai #LiesGirlsTellForAttention I had sex with justin bieber backstage for 30 seconds and now he is the father of my child. Mayne getting my money up so I could spend it all on my girl and niggas . Going away breakfast for ! Apple granted patent for lowercase letter "i". Ok #NUGGETS SEND KOBE FISHING YOUNG MAN, IN THIS HOUSEHOLD WE DO NOT TALK ABOUT RIHANNA LIKE THAT. With the final episode of Future Diary not being up for even a day when that happened. I am attending and psyched about the first presentation: preserving virtual worlds. Honestly is there a thought or moment or anything that is mine and only mine.. Without someone putting their two sense in or are being nosy! They just have a huge library system. It's kind of amazing actually. Reminds me of Ohio. these "3rd" jerseys just need to go away. I hope you'll help us make sure the same doesn't happen here in Minnesota! so was mine from yesterday. well a little exaggerated but yeah. dude my mom bought me these notebooks, perfect for lyric books Makeup for a short film for and brunch with and friends My new family is amazing. They let me park in their driveway by the train station to save $$$$ I am truly blessed. Bring on the heat! Hmm, okay. Did you hack it or was it already hacked? Do you use it a lot? You thought you were going insane? Livingston Taylor will also be sharing the stage (Three is company) @ the Philharmonic Center for the Arts on Dec. 11th. Showtime is @ 8pm. I couldn't ask for any better cause there isn't. I love you mommy <U+0001F49C> Happy Mothers Day <U+263A> #ThingsYouMightYellInAKidsMovie Hey, is that you over there, Gary Glitter? please get on making Queen of Jordan into a real show. no one would notice (seriously) & I would totes watch it. Sweet lookin hero! I love dying my armor too. XD Chris Hemsworth without a shirt <U+2764> *drools. <U+263A><U+0001F60F> I had a great time in Lex. Got to see #oomf. I missed him terribly :) *smiles* I'd probably be way too nice to him. Plus, he'd miss Rik too much & then I'd be sad... 40 acres and a mule ,I could used that right now! Heading to the Marriott Resort and Marina for #nouvelleresort photo shoot Great Day ! Home. Alone. Sick. Pissed. HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER! I'm Starting To Dislike FB , All You See Is Like If You Going To Heaven , Like If You Rememebr This Show , Likee If You Not Pregnant , SMFH Last Call for the Dead Got 5 minutes a day? Earn daily profit share. No recruiting. www.newincomeoptions.com And you have fun at your event! Timeflies: A Music Duo That’s “Escaping Genre Limitations” Cosmic Love by Florence+The Machine Level 1 Cert #CrossFit complete. Great course and great instructors thanks a mil guys! Yes goes offfc Bin Laden's herbal Viagra is already selling out in stores? Hm--perhaps if he'd lived he'd have an endorsement deal by now. Sweet thanks RT : Facebook/Twitter promo right on my page if you need it :) How do you guys record TV ? You guys should use us ()-- Daily Show and Colbert use us. We're awesome. :-) "You figure it out, you can't stay. What is in the clouds is my life about to change." <U+0001F49B> Cartoons are a natural cure! word up. Ajanti George ( ) is a BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING, and INTELLIGENT...WOMAN! #Falcons release former Pro Bowl fullback Ovie Mughelli Shout out to Jessica Simpson on her baby girl What's the ratio of people invited to the wedding to people who actually come? My list is out of control. Old people make me happy. Brotha. Have a great 420. Pull out somethin rare today and snap it!!! You should randomly give something to one of your 1,000 followers, not reward the one person who became 1,000th. Loyalty wins. on to best buy for the remote You just seem to get more beautiful everyday Trying to write a song about revenge but the weather is just too damn nice today. What is your opinion Open-borders crowd tosses tantrum in Virginia? Just scored on in 21 and out of anger the dude slammed the ball and hit himself in the face! Me and my friend are going fishing. Let me know if you have a Hendersonville lake house with private dock we can use. Too many boats out. Want to get your #fashion #brand in front of TOP influencers? We'll be at #blogher #shecon #TOTC and #MCC. Need we say more? haha I knew you'd get a kick out of it! <U+2764> Excited for this year. I'm baking again this year- haven't decided on a flavor- send me any suggestions! I need my Tv's Setup... Like no Tv is good but dang or what not The hockey gods must be angry at the NHL. We could have an all small market 2nd round. Whoa boy! Long day & the weeks not over yet omg! This may be the longest amount of time we haven't seen each other in 3 years. It's like we're divorced. DID YOU GET THE NEW Mix "The Hardest Hit" yet??? It's not easy to convert from being an inherent night owl to a "morning person", but it's a change I want and have to make to evolve. I think we will hit the 70 mark today. Got the razor and cram on standby so ill be shaving too. Steve Blake , where's Kobe? A diamond bit is a girls best friend. Two #1 picks born today: LeBron and Kenyon Martin. Even though KM started 3 yrs earlier, he's only played 24 more gms than LBJ. nice to see you here Eric. I'm now semi-lame and not here often either! Maddie says to tell you hi Ut-oh. Can we help with anything? Hey nice video! You know you can add text to the screen via youtube editor. Good for putting up phone numbers and web addresses. Why seven. exactly? I know ^_^ - Cool! It's gonna be great! Hm. Feet that make their own gravy. I like yo prediction i'm team Texas, however I the fight N Paul RT : I'm picking #SAS in 6games over you bet! sundresses! :) And Palmetto would be more private so we should just try there I guess! I know right, how cool is that donkey. So glad you liked it. who the Fuck are you? Stopping stalking me Get a life... No matter the purpose or occasion, we’ll help you create and preserve memories to last a lifetime. EVERYBODY PLEASE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING & GO TO WWW.WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM & CHECK OUT SPEC FROM PRETTY RICKY & TELL ME WHATS WRONG W/ THT VIDEO! Free pancakes>>>studying The boy name is Emmanuel but he's going out with a girl I noe at skool!every boy I want and fall for is always taken why me!!:[<U+E401><U+E413><U+E411><U+E416> “: #nowplaying Big Pun ft - "Toe to Toe" We need pun back.” Just put a 200lb trunk in the backseat of my car all by myself Yo got that fire pit set up! Mesquite wood grilled steaks soon!! Primo time! do we need a special request to get into this keynote? Besides, it seems the villagers are gathering with torches to burn the things off. you're welcome have a blessed and fun weekend Going to tihnk of some pictures to draw for a list of people who requested one. It will take a me a while but I will get to it hehe Free and Open Source software is not fading, but still evolving. “My princess is on her way, I have to wait.” -Niall Horan #wrongthinking "I don't care about nothing but money" Just found the tshirt I got from Love at first bite when Jamie&I worked the cochon de lait po boy both at #JazzFest in 2007. yes it is. are you on linkedin, foursquare, facebook, pinterest? ha imma remember tht n no i dnt want the leftovers!! lol oh awesome! Cold foil is a growing and some might say hot opportunity, laser and digital die cutting is also considered hot no... just the monitor :) i see you Much needed work out with personal trainer today! I'll be feeling it tomorrow. If it's possible to be a victim of your own stupidity, the Clippers have certainly mastered the art. Saw this praise paid to prof.: "instructor learned the name of all 40 students"... seems to me that this should be the norm. My friend who I huffed Dustoff™ once with in middleschool learned how to do it from another kid at a school for child prodigies I love the maaaiine I'm freaking crying watching funday monday.... Why are these stories so unbearably funny Sorry he died. I'll check them out on Spotify. I like lyrics I've read on my TL. I wonder if my cousins in Croatia or Sweden like One Direction.. I wish I could ask them lol. yes he does miss u.... Sunday night at the Final Four. Jimmy Buffett at The Big Dance. KU & UK fans gettin' after it tonight. Great atmosphere. Yep, looks like the "farmer's tan" made its 2012 debut today. What happen to people being polite when they take orders!!! I should click but im going to be nice My new single "Skippin Rocks" was released to radio today! :) So were looking to get as many starving students as possible b4 we officially launch. Be the first to bid on jobs at www.workforbooks.com actually and I found some at local while we were picking up Seastack. Alarm set for 8am. all in 4 inch heels! ;) I was really excited about the Black Friday pepper spray lady until I found out that she was just tying to get more stuff for herself. Lost can be fun :) but I've no real direction presently. I'm utterly living moment to moment. #schoolmemories sitting at the blue crayon table and lying my way out of getting in trouble in kindergarten <U+270C> #45 123111901182+ because I call you like this! haha :D This is my other identity please jump in and follow. It's for THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT Organize your tool box with this home tip: place a magnet with your small screws in a toolbox to help keep them together. It's never too late! Con't - Transformers 3 and that Spielberg movie Super 8. I am betting on the ladder. Spielberg has never disappointed! - Remember that little film called #Avatar? Disney buys up the rights to create Themed attractions in their parks. I haven't stopped smiling since this morning. / #adaywelllived is all about being present, good or bad. I was present. Liam's accent >> thanks sweet girl!!! :) dont worry your still maa baby love ! I'm sure it is! The speaker saying how it only matters to those involved in the beginning not to buyers later In the meantime, can we get some more followers!? #FollowWednesday? I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife I will dance if u follow me ;) Denver, Colorado 's Polidori Chorizo is the perfect item to buy @ the grocer today to start making those delicious foods for This Monday had pretty much sucked!! Pleased to report that has figured out that the pilot is always on. How do I know? Because she's sitting in the cast iron skillet. Shit I fell asleep in class. I just missed the entire fucking lesson lmfao and I'm wondering why I'm failing. truth. RT The best thing about eating ice cream alone is that you can eat all the candy chunks and not feel bad writing about bobos. Hey ! We have our annual I HEAR MUSIC IN THE AIR Event on May 18-20! Kirk Franklin, Isaac Carree, Byron Cage and Amber Bullock! I forgot all about that. Sounds like we need a date. I like the Marshalla book--not too expensive either. Easy to give a few pages to parents. Yeahh. But I'm still waiting on my money lol jk Awesome, congrats! You will both be very happy to have each other This is what I was talking about last night --> RT Also: I need caffiene. Stat. All that's in the store right now is Diet Dr. Pepper... And that shit's anathema. wat u been on “: Horny :)” i wanna suck ur Dick im horny to Hi Wendy! Thank you for confirming. Everyone who participates is sent the mailing address link. Only actual winners were... #BHAG = "big hairy audacious goal" from Sascha Lewis, CEO of I do not drink much ether,, just like tequila shots now and then... No rain. Yet. (Hide yo kids, hide yo wife) is there an Arrested Development reference here that I can't recall? i love the way dances!! - Thanks for the RT. I appreciate it. In a couple of years, more boy bands will be formed. Fans will come & go. But I know I'll still be here supporting my 5 gay idiots. The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.... Thanks for the follow.. I am super excited! Silly question... what to wear? Casual? Flame-resistant? Nice to meet you! My dads a better goalie then most 20-30 yr olds and hes 50 and he loves it so much Bottom line is it's still Rhett so it can only be great. Not that I'm biased. well shit. :/ i get lonely and i don't wanna be online anymore. Are you ready for Monday? Get ready by trying one of the new breakfast or beverage items at FliP Crepes first thing in the morning! I miss kissin' on you. don't talk to yourself like that, Kevin! "Movie Night" is every night here, watching Pride and Prejudice with my mama and sisters... Are you busy with school? And power is back on! WWU prevails. The Vikings are national champs! Congrats! It only took 110 years. They are dancing in the Bellingham streets. Picking up the pieces its funny cause I talk to these black owned companies they say they don't have a budget, but they sponsor another race Either way is fine. --Liars is this freackin England or somthing? what did he do anyways i love your page back ground The #bacon fat ginger #cookies are super easy to make. Addictive though. Be very afraid... Yes.yes.yes. RT : Great to meet you. Let's make more art in Boston happen. One of my besties tied the knot! Congrats Nyetty and Dougie! Sigh. I would love that. I miss y'all. I'll let you know. I wanna see , but also might wanna hit a #CBC event on the way. Hes MY addiction! :D. Go Gemologist Been counting down the days to the pre- Cinco de Mayo festivities with TODAY! Design theory, UI, UIX, Task Completion, etc. Then let your friend pick tools that work for them - Prog langs, Editors, etc. Facebooked. Tweeter. Put new pictures on the kids' blog. Yep, that's a full social networking day for me. The other ones too, please! The NBA is teaming up with sanofi-aventis and the ADA for the Dribble to Stop Diabetes campaign. I love being surrounded by great people everyday I cannot thank them enough for all the opportunities that I've been presented with All I can say is Eh Eh... Off to Miyagi's for Karaoke! Busy weekend is a comin'!!! hey its october 22nd ya bastid!!! :) Going to ABQ in 24 hours! When I'm bored. I start shit. I stir up pots. I need some kind of entertainment. My phone not working & there is no television. Just passed a middle aged man jogging down my street singing 'Pressure' at the top of his lungs. you doing it big, imma need a ride soon lol..... Cause I don't play Unless it's keys Then I play all day You like em keys We gon' play all day Wet dreams Fry your brain all day good morning. new life motto in effect: i will have no regrets. ever. Right, but some people have smartphones she's stylin' now! Conforming, tweaking, building, sculpting, smoothing & prepping the FX, dialogue and stems for latest version of "The Secret Life of Dorks." Honestly, this song is brilliant - very under-rated by most. "cause he ain my man " el oh el if jordy ever got pulled over for bein wasted then he can hang with my dad cuz yolo daddy used to do that Don't be. Just a crazy dream. Should be worried more about the cooking one - that's a lot of food! Ha FYI: my son's submission for Great Demo Review has a track based on a line from one of your columns (song called "Drunken Friend") St. Vincent, perfect in live strobe lighting. she's working, duh Got everything done today. Time to catch some Z lol there isn't any good scary movies on there! damn that ass is juicy!!! Best wishes on a speedy recovery. I am so sorry you were afflicted with this. Well, it's not like you drop f-bombs right and left. Lighten up people! With what besty? RT I Need To Catch Up With "When I die bury me upside-down so the Redcoats can kiss my ass." - Thomas Jefferson July 9th, 1820 May do some interval training in Runyon- gotta get in stellar shape before I attempt your bootcamp! Ultra lazy day. Time to get up, go workout #SummerBody flow....dinner to talk future & $$$....then Thursday boys nights.... Hey everyone! Don't forget to tell your friends about the band! And follow them while youre at it!: ! "Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one." -Andrew Wiles not if you're on a stationary one- - I was familiar with the word beforehand. This should come as no surprise. I feel the same way with some of them. Hope all you #chevygirls enjoy a great weekend!! our song! "Rectify! your need to be alive Satisfy!! my hunger inside parasite!on my minds eye who am I they say who am I???" -I am What I am Come back next year and win this thing!!! You'll set every single record and the money will be there waiting!!!! Your only young once in your entire life, after that your old, then you die, I suggest you enjoy it. Thank you Mark. I did! Wishing you a wonderful new week. Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success looks like a game changer for Tarantino, we'll see… "I Will Always Love You" was the song that made me realize I could belt. RIP Whitney. Thank you for giving me the courage to find my voice. Neanderthal Sponge - I'm a Republican Kern: "We have to be respectful of the norms of a society while also showing learners how constructed those norms are." #OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Its gonna be very very very big" So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still Impressive line-up this morning: Eva Moskowitz, Mayor Cory Booker and President Clinton Harry:"Its gotta be Lou only Lou" Niall:"Its gotta be food only food" Lou & Liam:"Its gotta be you only you" Zayn: "Its gotta be me only me" Agreed. Hope you're feeling better. lmao yeah I honestly have no idea... How can you hate the tools if you don't fully understand them? Definite education opportunity. You only get a couple of moments that determine your life. Sometimes only one. How will this fit in with public school systems, and following a strict curriculum? lol u ready 4 me to release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full cd? yes ma'am:) night.! ~ yes prepaid change their name to "legal shield" officially. ownership is looking for better branding sure Maybe later on today I was searching, you were on a mission. Then our hearts combined like neutron star collision<U+2665> sorry to hear, but would like to hear more. Maybe we can plan to run into each other tomorrow. Purdue alumn? Its a #HappyThing when your boyfriend put a picture of you together as his profile picture. huh? I was simply saying you should apply to be in that show...you'll just have to obey the law I'll try that next time! WPA member artist Mei Mei Chang is featured in "The Painting Imperative" after Erin Treacy saw her work at the WPA booth at (e)merge!... Will what is happening in #libya also start happening in Wisconsin? I love who you play on a.n.t farm because I think that you are so funny!!!!! We've came to far to throw it all away I'll be sure to tweet the journey so you can enjoy vicariously! Epic battle seen happening right now. Can't wait for and in their High School movie;) "#iwishihadsaid NO to that 1st cigarette" - This you? 90% of adult smokers started as teens. #quitsmoking cc: I feel like a dope ^.^ I just realized you guys have another twitter=) As an experiment, I'm waking up at 5:00am for a week to see what difference it makes. Gonna check out one of those sunrise things for once. I understand! Lol, yeah. I love Talking Heads, David Byrne and Brian Eno stuff Just got back from an awesome session with KNS. RIP Dick Clark :( Pierogi and Polish girls. Pittsburgh. Twitter has got to be one of my biggest distractions. There goes their Rock n Roll Dreams! Dude I smell like weed again . . . It makes me feel sick when im hungry urgggg lobby fill of boosters :( Rogers' "honest" observation" is being commented upon by Orion's poetry editor and how the imagination acts upon it Lol nothing I was out your way strag! Put the design of your web or social media page into the hands of somebody who lives for this stuff. Ed Roper Designs. Live, Breathe, Web. wow we are excited I've never had secret service at an event before! Thanks for the follow Andrew... Now following back. Look forward to the info. Glad to have connected here as well.. You're amazing! Please get all of your friends to do the same! It would mean the world to us! <3 I've seen all of Daniel Craig, & it's all as hot as his eyes... *Slaps hand over eyes* Ugh! Seriously?!! I like you. #singlegirltweet Just thinking...kahxneoxhencorinazpeivffowizbdoehx!!! Ugh! #Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F FAIR shit... Just dropped the kids off @ school bout to hop back in this bed. Lol yo tell yo moms I said happy late mothers day Text me sometime! I get bored sometimes... Girrl we should talk! I'm sO jealous at work right now... RT Get HIGH as I possibly can then, BAM! #AVENGERS in 3D Heard you on , will read the book! Love concept of deconstructing habits using cue/reward analysis! Heading out for a Labor Day cocktail, where should we go? Why is there always someone mad at me? I do my best. Consider yourself having a tail. you're gonna miss this face I suppose it's against #mnleg rules for to wear Helga horns? Too bad. CAN I PLZ HAVE A SHOUTOUT? HAAHAHAA...omg can't stop laughing now. SpaWeek has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day! Going for a walk in the sunshine when you come in I will explain it to you. You can use the 30 pounder... This email to the CFO of Simon Malls is pretty difficult to write.... Sound ambitious, smart, and anxious Talking shop with Laura Rovick about at Influx! Social media is just another vehicle like radio, TV, etc. Just a different audience. I lost 2 followers last night. That's ok. 36 hours in jail starts now...fml I will teach you how to speak portuguese :) I think it's important to explore the nuanced difference particular community makes to gender/sex knowledge production ... Mixed tryouts for the YCC team today. Over 70 kids will be out today. Good luck to everyone! Excellent tweets! Thanks so much! fuck it we both rite then lol I don't trust everyone. Like we can be cool but I'm smart enough to know I can't tell you shit. I've heard it could get there with 80- but you're right, it'll need more than 22. If ABC goes S4, they have to do 13 ep S5. Well said! RT : Absolutely true RT : Design Tip "When you control the light, you control the room!" So glad I got my vinyl up and going again...listening to the B side of U2 Boy How many "Real Fans" do you have? How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform? if it's love when two heterosexuals wanna get married (sometimes) why wouldn't that be the case with homosexuals? Knowledge is power, but in the wrong hands its as dangerous as a gun..! Can't wait for BTR! There are some vendors that will be outdoors, I will be indoors. RT : is this event indoor? thanks Raul! let me know what you think of the songs! It is dangerous for any organisation to rely too heavily on one management style or academic discipline, such as the MBA Rodger Dodger. Let the #HausOfDiamond get you together. Sterling Nature Center Celebrates National Poetry Month Everyone hates me. hahaha all the new thinking...love it! That's the nicest thing I've ever heard! Thanks! “: If it rained happiness, I wish you a storm. Happy New Year!” Canadian Embassy screenings. Just saw several fantastic films for International Warrior Night! Great tribute to those in uniform. BC basketball. Plain and simple. it is not long till we see Eric Practicing my British accent for tomorrow... I'm named Roxanne after the character in Cyrano de Bergerac. Most people assume it's because of The Police song. RT : Q1: First, Introduce yourself to the party and tell is which company you represent. (please RT) Prince Fielder's bat is heretofore to be known as"The Wayback Machine" THAT A GOOD THING! Thanks Nicole! Let us know what you're looking forward to most at #UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia !! The Nokia Lumia 900 is a monster! Love the phone. Beautiful design, beautiful operating system. It's just great. Getting false information about tests. <<<< People know either as the guy that works at old navy or the guy that play banjo... I prefer the second At the Bob wettig tourney in Richmond good game in the consolation bracket Floyd Cent. Up on Alcoa( TN) 30-29 in the 3rd fuck all the haters ": you bitch lol" I'm sorry lol #teamsober (x Better fortify your house then cause I'm comin! RT : I'd be scared if a 400lb glass of Kool-Aid came bursting into my house... Thanks for the follow! Rough game last night! what up man what u doing #GoTribe Curt schilling "behind that d, derek lowe can have 12-14 wins at the break and get traded to a contender". Gee tha... Can't wait til my mom gets here...I can't wait to see her! you know most men think you're beautiful without it, right? rootin for u sis...after those bastards broke my rangers heart 4-hour Scorsese documentry of George Harrison on HBO? On it! On the bright side, though, whoever wrote ppa-purge is a saint. We're looking forward to it too! Lol...62 unlucky tweeters are gonna be unfollowed. Today could be your day No probRT : s/o to for da follow Loving life and touring the world!!! ok ok sorry fam I'm drunk. Lol plz send me a link so I can promo. I heard he was stapled to the chicken but either way works. :) but he died! Yesterday! And for some reason this is one loss I am not mourning. Happy St. Patrick's Day! <U+E110> oh nun.I just was seeing wat u doing My nose runs every time I eat. So there's some hot guys at the beach .. <U+0001F44D> Some facts about me:: I love question Why is unpopped popcorn even listed on nutrition labels? WHO IS EATING UNPOPPED POPCORN? FINALLY seeing #TheHungerGames!!! (So that everyone will cease in disowning me lol) Yes we can lol I'll find new viruses and bacteria to play with and leave the pet alone :D I did okay, good for my first one. Came in at 2:08, also felt like I reeeeeaaallly slowed down at mile 10. It got so hot! Happy birthday Robert Pattinson! WHATEVER!!!! It was all quality stuff <U+0001F60F> Did you know that 1 in 5 people find love at Comedy? shows? Find love Saturday November 12, 10:30 at The Box! Price to find love: $6 -A.M. If I die in Humanities, avenge my death. Abe, we need you. THAT SOUNDS SINFULLY AMAZING. SHARE NOW. RT 3% of the ppl influence 90% of the audience. Online conversations have changed the 80/20 rule. Gotta love the double sausage race. Chorizo wins! Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. Why don't Justin hire Selena as the leading girl in one of his music videos, I honestly think it would be cute Good morning Baltimore! Both locations R open & ready 2 wrap! We have lots of non-sugary treats that make great Easter & Passover gifts me too. It was terrible. A lot of racism on individual crews. I was in N East non con. Stop what you doing and check out the TEAM 2-way text messaging is now live...text "Shift" to the number and we will respond with your next shift :). happy & single is better than taken & unhappy! sucks boss. Lol I dunno. Thought if try something new <U+0001F601> Cause I'm not here to fight about who's wrong or right. I just want your kiss. I wanna feel just like this <U+0001F497> She has three baby boys What?! Valentine's day is trending? Man, Valentine's Day is OVER!!! lol you the slowest txter EVER new year vibes Alright, well holler at me when you get online He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Play Alganon I would like Qdoba for breakfast, but I know what it will do to my stomach once mixed with coffee <U+0001F4A9> Looking forward to my first day back to #KidsHope today! doing great just wrapping up w Freshman Year went by fast and doing music right now #factswithoutwikipedia the world will not end Dec2012. It will ask for couples counseling because you don't listen to it any more. haha that can be good and bad Fear God. Keep your dick clean. And trust no one. <---- Imma raise my son on these key principles If it were not for the LORD, I would've been Chris Browned YOU!! LOVE THAT! Enjoy! Hey im just passing the info along I smashed dis food chase coy, <U+2665> ah, I love him. Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free. I'll put them in the web store soon (been behind). I'm going to do some different colors and a blue pearly powder one too. Haha. Big surprise there. Bader's favorite Beasties album is Ill Communication. #truth RT "I'm so sick of #PitaPit" - they are free and sitting in front of me very hungry Very busy these days...want 2 reach out & say hello-busy being a #bosschicks without micromanaging! I have the #1 team on earth! That's great to hear! Thanks. Good luck to you as well. In Sydney tonight, loving time with old friends and my HOME state!!! If you're into health and medicine, you must follow ! Best future doctor I know! reading about start-ups for collaborative networks of doctors & patients; seems inevitable but not anticipated by security/privacy regs Hi Louis, Thank you for following! Have a great week!! you know I'm playin everyone knows all the weights in yo head! <U+0001F601><U+0001F602> ; back to sleep i go <U+270C> if it's yellow let it mellow, if it's brown flush it down? Has anyone tried the Dorito taco at Taco Bell yet? Watched "P.S. I Love You" last night... and am still recovering emotionally 12 hours later. I wanna go back to hawaii so bad "Its better to have loved than to have not loved at all" first time I have been hungry in four days and what am I craving? Chili cheese fries. Yummy cure for a hangover not liking the look of this oil crisis I don't think so. I wish I could whistle for it or something. The Kitty Cats :) Scalper - "Tickets for Thrice at the Metro were $22. I'm selling mine for $90! It's a fair price!" Sir, a 400% increase is not a fair price. Odds bodkins! RT : If your blonde won't respond when you flatter her, tell her what Tony told Cleopater-er. how about Manning for QB & Tebow as RB while he learns everything Manning knows. always forget to update my twitter... i should be ashamed =S Wow. The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug. 16 launch. Thanks for reading everyone! A KLU shout out to Nikki Grimes for discussing the "invisible reader" and the marginalization of multicultural children's lit absolutely love the new swype release! u guys are awesome! damn 15yrs the game will never be the same It's pretty sad that even 11 runs up, we didn't feel secure in a Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started? Does Teen Mom have those same ones? No Prob ;D Thanks for the follow back! Who's Brett Favre? Don't you mean Brett Pevre? Economist article today-wakeup call for western multinationals. Emerging market multinationals are catching up, and they're good! If u want to know anything or everything about Colorado Springs, #FF ! Funny and smart, too. :) In the third paragraph he discusses his views on Christianity. You should recognize a very significant quote of his in there as well whats the best combo for linking s media apps 2 maximize exposure Congrats to Excited about his future as a leader for the Pay it forward. You got a degree, now help someone else attain theirs. #uppers Right. We are viewing them through Amer-centric eyes. Or, Betty Davis eyes..........I'm not sure. Somebody at Facebook is getting fired. "We are the fetus of our higher consciousness." Jean Houston at the that's a GREAT epic night! small business ideas here Eating Chinese...thought of U ~ 2012 will be an #EPIC year! Awesome, thanks :) Wake up. Throw up. Feel better. Go back to bed. Repeat. i thought all of the iconic boyz were gonna use the same account... & how did it get this way? My philosophy: if one book=good, 27 = better! + the Kindle is a total enabler. No tough love there. Just talked to HIlton and they are tier matching me as a dimond member for 2012. Take that Hyatt S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow sweetheart!!!! haha he jus walked up n here i wuz like ha wuz good..bang some big krit ha Bout to upload some bids of me flowing on my tablet I'm a great parker! I like what they've done with the dance floor by adding cool graphics that match the music I bet Katy Perry and Russell Brand split because of all those pictures of him dating Zooey Deschanel. Awesome time at 1 City Summit-Gr8t 2 reconnect with friends & colleagues! Ready 4 the challenges ahead & eager 2 move DC Athletics forward! ha. OK. sure Today is the day I .... Thank All My Followers for all the support. Thank You! All this one direction stuff is stressing me out. Concerts are supposed to be fun. I think 'earth day' should be 364 days a year and on that one other day planet earth should be our little bitch. RT " The baby awoke and smiled at me. It occurred to me that nothing was more beautiful than a newborn smile." Much to prove ....Much to be expected Read in the today that 40% of Americans have never tried lamb. me too! isn't that the weirdest lol. i hope so too, thanks! :-) Are there investors in Real Estate out there? San Diego 10 units with over a 9% cap on actual expenses 9 units are two bedroom. Contact me! I hate kids. Sorry, those follows were my bad! Featured your "FOOD!" notebook to new #springpad sign ups last night. I think it's great! :) On our way!! What the problem is, #Metro ? thx for the #ff, have a great weekend! My Twitter followers, #ff a true sports fan here! Going to miss Herman Cain come Mon. He did make me hate the number nine tho. I had it removed from my keyboard and repl with add'l tilde hemp rope friggin' hippie The gridlock in our governmental system is driving me crazy.Its time for a third party. Cant Wait To Hear Whats Next! Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness. You know who you are!!!! Shame on U!! not me in good :-) I love the Cordy/Xander kiss after the vamp is dusted between them. #PleaseShutUpIf youre speaking and no one likes you 2 days left of work, 2 exams, 1 final presentation, and tons of packing..... I can do it ok im running lol Need a ride to church tonight?? Let us know!! Starts at 6 A vely diverse and attentive audience filled Hannaford Hall in the Abramson Community Center to hear Judge UNITY DOW this evening Yea, it really doesn't make any sense. We hope they come to realize that the alternatives are cheaper and better! I love my brother, the left armpit. We're just one week away from our fabulous 40th Anniversary celebration! Will you be joining us for the festivities? Nov 4-5, great fun! A warm thank you to for following Tom Shaw Trio! Anyway, what makes a native-born more American than a naturalized one ?Plenty of boys gave their lives in 'Nam & a bunch other places & they and tell me, that's not our fault our country is big?! we work hard every time to have our idols' attention! they should too Going to #EXHIBITOR2012? Be sure to come visit us and stop by our booth!! Again you took my word! Bad boy:) and yay! I'm swagalisous! Someone text me! Man I gotta be at school like 2 hours before school actually starts... I really need to start changing & becoming a nicer person . you make a no sense. Old enough to be yo man y : woo!:) uhmm if u guys r together it will be easiest! did u followed me I'm just an everyday American supporting the city I love. Good to see you. i think there are 2 wilco shows In "The Art of Fielding", Chad Harbach uses baseball to channel Melville & Franzen; to meditate on obsession, failure, & life's complexities Just got on Twitter and read all your tweets from the game. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!! A glass or two of white #wine after a stupid day can make it alright when it's accompanied by a man who listens & made me a wonderful dinner RT ": I'm on an binge right now, and I'm not sayin' it's a bad thing. <3” I like how Austin sat in his LA concert announcement(: haha Moved on to Disco... Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets. A new book will take you someplace new, someplace wonderful. A new bicycle will only take you to the next town over. Thinking of doing an online tour on the Crown, Cork & Seal Company: Station North, Highlandtown, Mt. Vernon house, etc. Also: RT Tomas Vanek didn't play in the second period for the Sorry to leave you hanging! Stephanie Izard is my personal favorite. Amazingly talented, great personality, a true success. IMO they should be eliminated from the tournament completely. Sorry but that's just bad sportsmanship and taunting. You gotta STOP!!....and smell the roses. yes more please!!!:D Props to Dallas Hanging out at austin ballet with Mobile Loaves and Fishes First car wash in over a year. Feels good. From the simple Jon Jon that can accommodate your 3 to 5 years of age, to our giant Joey Jumper Slide Combo, you'll love them both! LOL - I hit him on FB already. Our memories in Rainer village Tho ; Priceless (: Happy 3rd birthday to #UPA2012 host hotel .... how big is the cake? RT : the only concert i ever waited in line for to get tickets was for the beast boys. enjoy the cosmos MCA Moon walk with Alan bean On the days I'm unable to take a big dump in the morning, I feel as if I've failed myself, you guys, & everyone else in my life. I'm sorry. Patrick is awesome.. Looks out for me so much you're welcome!! Well frankly I don't know how it ever died in the first place. : I'm in. Long live DLFC! Thanks guys. Good to know it's just twitter getting its crack fix and not me/my computer! How am I suppose to react when it's 2:30am and you asked me to answer your ph with a caller ID that read "Ass" and you're in my bed?????? That was awesome!!! Great Job!!! Thanks, you ROCK, my friend! Had some "fruit sauce" with breakfast. I feel like a bonafide Benson. Lol Trained spotter reported half dollar size hail just SE of Lake Mills (Jefferson Co.) as storms moved through. This Thurs. join me and Sat. I'm booked for a grand opening at a club in the valley. Details coming soon! Working w today!! HAM data doesn't take decisions, however it really helps you be more confident In the decision making process says Congrats to Nicki S. for winning the beast! She's in Nicaragua Got a mind boggling decision to make this week. Going to sleep on it and go from there. Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless Working, Indian food, work, Ugly Truth with some Frenchies Gov Patrick:"people actually want more service, longer hours, modest and totally appropriate expansions like Green Line to Tufts and beyond" "If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to everyone who ever told you how to live your life then you deserve it" Just got some bus tix to a client near Pike Place Market Remaining calm and keeping your head is one of the keys to success. If you allow yourself to be an emotional out of control mess, you lose. Just found a hardbound copy of Bram Stoker's Dracula with Edward Gorey illustrations at Goodwill. Score! Blogging idea 3# How often do I need cleaning for my home/mansion/castle ? awww:( that's so sad .. but funny no freaking clue! Should probably change that this summer. The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it. ~Moliere Dawg. Why kids always gota play with every toy. Doing just fine. How about you? he's going to be so confused when I ask him tonight. He won't know where to go! so you're saying you'd rather have a team's jersey with FL's colors than the #bengals? WOW! #wheredidwegowrong? You only guess? I think I'm pretty amazing :) So Arsenio called Aubrey a bitch. Is that cool now? For an old man to do? Today, I dance Fandangos for you, my followers in twitterland! pink white u?? haha ya I'm ok(: it was 34 degrees today, it was really warm today compared to what it is usually like.(: NYRB's supporters singing "I wanna be sedated." I suggest they watch what's going on on the Red Bull Arena pitch. I was pretty late on that response lol sounds like there is no official closing time yet, I was told they'd close betw 3&5pm, whatevs that means Horse racing! Cann I hate one because I find their voice obnoxious and their in-ring skills lacking? Trend? I'll Have Another. Stay Thirsty? I'm looking for a horse named "It's on the House!" Personally, I take Jack Like us on Facebook! "www.Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies" RT to your friends! you know the feeling and weren't showing us what's up on event day? the singing bee is singing Jolene and all I can think of is <3 Denver, CO indeed, but I don't expect everyone to think of everything. NP. How did it go, everyone? Yes, cool business selling cartoons and games. Global. Wish I was better at marketing (and branding). Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz Straight outta Compton really tough judging but team moto killed it last night on Top Chef! ": Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart." followed. there are many, that's why we're revamping. RT : Hair is not just visceral for sistahs. Culturally, the Black male aesthetic isn't free from similar attacks. can u please wish me luck on my soccer games tomorrow? It would be my good lucl charm!! :) #ILoveYou !!! FOX's new show "Touch". I don't know what it is about that show, but I want to like it. It's raining! Be careful out there, this morning! new pic so sexy i love u justin and ur background image yes yes, STILL recovering Got my first Doctor appt. done and out the way, now ready for work!!! im so buying it to New song I heard today...i Dont Like. Chief Keef Holy crap! That was insane! Good morning <3 Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day? yes! Beryl's episode was my favorite yet, and I've been watching for years. Who wouldn't adore her?! Finally getting some house shows under way! If you want us to to do one for you guys, send an email to HAPPY EASTER #PITTSBURGH FANS! Christmas is already here.. (: Damn put the #stanford on suicide watch!! 2 missed field goals in the last 5 minutes Did you hear??? I Love My Job! Whores shouldn't have pets, that's dirty. well deserved recognition! "Not that I care to invoke Baudrillard, but to invoke Baudrillard ..." Will Dodson on Scream 4 & 4th stage of simulation Only in America haha "Hi!! Welcome to Hollister!! Here's your flash light and your gas mask!!" Has anyone trained their dog to make them coffee yet? Eric B (of Eric B and Rakim) is following Mitch Freeze on Twitter. How cool is that? Explains post-game Polian posturing: RT : To clarify, when PM fails the postseason physical, he can work out at complex. Boo is cute Some people are so crazy and hateful! Get a grip! manager. okay. and what kind of work? beating children? what type of work does the office do? All the time! damn im tired as shit changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate #BBW I forgot #Suzie was even on the show regardless of who wins tonight you must be bursting with pride to know how much you are appreciated and respected by your team Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer That is smart. Well done! Met a Navy Seal today! It was a tough day y'all. Having another glass of wine and contemplating how screwed North Carolina Democrats are this fall Can't tell you how much fun it is to look out the office window to see and Jan-Michael Gambill playing at the CO State Open! Ugh BTW Ball is a worldwide TT, so jealous that Europe & Asia get to see it before us... :( My buddy is a brave soldier wooohoooo! And his nickname is Guns!!! Where are you located ? Strength #UConn. Now lets focus on the Pathers! Glad you like! Happy 7th Birthday #DFW! A true community jewel! Celebrate! Celebrate! Dance to the music! More troops to Afghanistan,balking over the Columbus city budget, and new allegations against Tiger Woods...all starting at 5am. Join us!! Live in a few minutes. Stop by the chat-room and tell me your requests. I turned it down.Lol I can't juggle all these works.I'm already all over the place.My avi is just a good camera&camera man Heavy duty leaf sweep-up in Bolton Hill begins today. me too Haha I love tweets. He's the cat's meow. Chad be having me cracking up. Lmao is hysterical. Saw him in Portland. Hope your not a comedy show heckler! call me asap bro And NO (for the 12th time already) we will not relaunch as a snuff porn site!!! Is everyone from NY a rude a**hole??? Or am I just lucky to meet the only ones? You say you are a great person and that we are friends, yeahh okay; you sure act like one. Not. <U+0001F612> yes! Maybe it will be soon(: the Smithsonian is sponsoring a seminar culture-specific museums on April 25 or 26 at NMAI. Not sure if open to public. Friday 420 show is gna b killer! Exile is rockin w monstarr n taye tags. Tix r $5 at the symposium in lakewood. Whose supportin the scene? Community Impact Arts Partnership Hon Mention goes to and They need to put a W.G. Grinders in my part of Hilliard... you and your TBL crew are killin' it these days... great job. eww i look disgusting.!:o If we never had thunderstorms, we wouldn't appreciate the sunshine! thanks cheers! I hate all my gf exs they are ALL NASTY #museumsport victim: she's (yay Sarah!) wow! A family full of little pretty girls!! I believe some dads will have their hands full in the future ;) nice! what did you get? Roses are red, violets are blue. I've got five fingers on each hand, the middle ones are for you Don't let March Madness Keep you home! We'll watch Syracuse on our computer via ESPN3 during Chip, Dips, 'n Sips tonight 6-8PM. love u right back. Come it to the NYC Lenox Lounge live 10/28 &29th 8&10pm shows an hear it luv ya back. All you listeners should follow Yes! Lisa I did! Going to talk to Dino about it Monday at our meeting thank YOU! that's great. happy to help. what are you working on? Just saw the movie "Buried" at the Milwaukee Film Fest. WOW. Thunder with only 6 fast break pts at half. Gotta create some more opportunities to run. Not a bad idea...hm..I'll use that! Thanks :) I'd love one thank you! And grats!!! #geekend #fa111 via super interesting discussions around privacy on the web. Thanks for getting the conversation going. Filming "Friends with kids" today in Brooklyn. Cast includes, Jon Hamm, Ed Burns and Megan Fox. "This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors." *Chuck Sigars, The World According to Chuck weblog, October 14, 2003 haha yeah when ever you want! Glenda ... apt description vehement panting Anyone else discovering a newfound love of tennis? looking forward to 's revamped Food section :) #ICantStandWhen You listen to he said she said BULLSHIT BEFORE YOU DO IT WIT YA LOUD ASS RT“: I WILL ALREADY BE DEAD! DUMB ASZ!” That sounds exciting!! hey, lets give credit where credit is due! #komen lost donors on 2 sides: pro-life, anti-PP-ers with moral objections to PP & pro-PP contingent for whom brand is "dead." hey it been a long time we talk gave away me bracelet to a man named Joel. I hope it does some good in his life :) haha. Yeah, if we wanna marry them we gotta be chill. can't wait until staying up whenever, sleeping in until whenever, going places whenever , seeing people whenever, summer 2012.<U+2600> I'll ask momma after I shower ATTENTION ATTENTION!!! ALL MY FOLLOWERS JUST LETTIN U GUYS KNOE I CHANGED MY PROFILE PICTURE!! Takin the pups to the dog park Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year! U.S. Senate found out #obama is going to be eating dinner 0.1 miles from my apartment tomorrow!!! Also: scared I won't be able to get home after work follow my new account bro Are you making wine this month? Share your photos on this page! Need any advice? Ask it here. We have many great winemakers who follow us. Happy birthday !!!! :D Special thanks to & Tim Morgan for everything! #provercoffee tell us we have a constituent willing to be part of the story it helps I'm no longer a rocky horror picture show virgin. So pleasantly confused Cutting niggas off , like a VARSITY coach ! Sally is all holier than thou now. Super excited for first day! New post: CLARION THD400 The pad is goin hard rite now I like that background lol and your blog is nice man keep doing your thing I'm up this early & I don't know why.... Time to get back to snoozing & dreaming . :D is gonna win a vma tonight!!! hell yeah Martin Accorsi testing out Twitter more to come!!!! the long drive aint been wen ur well rested. And its Tuesday - Me to!!!! RT : The lottery is at 476 million dollars. Guess who is gonna be playing today? yes that gel is very cold did they make you drink water before the ultrasound overtime for LAL - OKC ! wo's gonna win this game ! My hair is BLONDE...... N/P pimp c back hol up fight or flight baby!!! "Twitter is stupid!" *one month later* "DUDE, I can't stop tweeting!" Who remembers saying this? RIP Ron Paul Please Help me get more views!!! I will Shoutout! youtube.com --->Karissa Lynn TONS OF COFFEE! At the Phillies/Dodgers game. I'm just as surprised as you....but I bet I'm even more bored. tired of standing up. think iam done for the day Little brother has been in the shower for going on 17 minutes..every second counts on a rushing school morning. City Lights- My Entire Life. great day filled with a lot of learning! haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood? I knew it was haha hey, i'm stalking you, please feel better and come back to life, the world needs you... Woo! Hope the Cards bullpen stays like this all year! Great reporting and outcome MT : Pelley’s first story about stem cell con men launched a federal investigation: t.co/KdWhgvfD If there's a glimmer of hope, the starting pitching has been darn good to start the season thats outrageous! how are people going to have coronas and margaritas with out lines?! I Got Ta Love Ya :)<3 it's working, it's working And coming down off that good mood high on my own.. good job Crystal... kudos. toss me a biscut cuz its all gravy. Ill call when im done workn. Hey RTR, how much $$$ is the Pepsi's going to be? Also are we going to re-dig the track midway through the show too? I need to start taking my own advice. ALBUQUERQUE!! National Weather Service issued a Winter Storm Warning. Please be safe & Call Paul 24/7 @ 884-5583 - Water Flood or Roof Leaks We on Hetty toddy softball!!!!!! #rebels! Just realized today is Fat Tuesday. I guess I'll pour myself a hurricane while I catch up on emails. Right is RIGHT.. even if only a few people are doing it. just seeing your name light up on my phone makes me smile more than anything..<3 "MY" page, "MY" tweets...if you're easily offended about what " I " tweet, unfollow me :) ...not like I asked you to stay anyway lol. How was Marquee last night did you have fun with the boys after I left ? We left overstuffed, but here through the weekend and back next month! it embeds XML in the source. If you got past that, you're dead to me. It's a shame couldn't last longer than 10 hours of drinking today Thank you for your sweet tweet! Happy V-Day! May the Lord fulfill your beautiful heart's desires and bless you with many more yrs! #ILOVEYOU! C: <3 I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe If Simon heard me in the shower, he would put me on tour with One Direction immidetely :D haha NO WAY :( Haven't you had about enough of this whole growing up and being responsible thing? Priorities are a bitch. TEACH ME HOW TO STUDY! love it when students produce like this, dropping the track to a relevant song, writing rymes themselves! Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them. Or he quits them. Because they're unfair. She's opening a store in Berkely, & is hosting an Insta-photo show in correlation - giving us an excuse to all flock to the bay. Lesson learned: always come to work camera-ready. Sigh. :) Thanks! RT #honestyhour I once slurped 5 dozen #oysters in an hour. Today I'm going for 6 dozen... oh yeah, the Oscars are really a test of marketing savvy. It is fascinating in that regard. Not too far off from you on Artist hey Mike!! Did you ever end up reviewing our record? Hope all is well!!! The tweed ride party is in full swing at , NE 42nd & Tillamook across from Moon & 6p we should do lunch when I get back and I can drop it off. wait until you hit the baby self. pregnancy is still basically you're old life, compared to baby life lol, if its not his mother, its probably going to be one of Klaus's family ": Fuck It Shit Happens" Exactly , you get me broz (; It was one of the waitresses' birthday. We decided to sing Happy Birthday. Dominating connect four, step up! Cornhole. Grilling. My house. tell us more! lolol my math teacher was like I wanna ditch this. Great job search advice! RT : #lib4jobs Focus on soft skills ... Everyone needs them Whatchu got is far beyond compare ": I didn't finish seeing the smurfs"<<should've never started lol Thinking the 88 on the dirt bike in Cabin in the Woods is an homage to the Delta 88 in Raimi's movies. yes you should go vote for RNG. haha! I remember that. "A little diamond dry and it'll be playable..." Frank, should be available now, sorry for the trouble. Twitter Jail is the ONLY way I'll stop, lol I expect a full report!!! Off to photoshoot day 3 and IDS party tonight. Good luck with #IDzinechat ! happy birthday!! I hope you have an amazing day with friends and family :D Beliebers love you got a lot of catching up to do on twitter!! I am excited to be a part of this great event and honored that I am a small part of helping to raise awareness and money for this Foundation Yea I'm mad we have Two lunches but I can't stop thinking about lunch & alvins Noodle dancing & faces to get away from the securities. Business or toil is merely utilitarian. It is necessary but does not enrich or ennoble a human life. #Aristotle It's time to consider. Self-help books are so vulgar. That's why I'm going to write one. It will be the vulgarest of them all. Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind. Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter :)" Is it possible the best example of modern medicine, science & industry undermining public health, then being corrected, is breast feeding? The good thing about the rain is Phil Schaap on 89.9fm is playing Charles Mingus all day long for his 90th birthday Our children and grandchildren will never know a world where cancelled paper checks were returned by mail. Or paper checks, period. Or mail. aloha steve, can we get you on ESPN 1420 in Honolulu tonight to talk about the CFB HOF and Playoffs and MWC/AQ? 9:35 p et ": Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo AND the Kentucky Derby! Or as stupid hats call it, “Go time!!” #FallonMono" AND CHRIS BROWN's BDAY I never understood why Barry lives there, of all places. Sad face. RT : "The number of clients who will pay for usability testing is quite small." - Direct selling= selling products directly w/out a fixed retail location. You can do it at home or their home... or from your car! Just got up. Needed that after 4 days in Vegas then going straight to Supperclub for work! thanks for fallowing :D “: nice early night lol. #fistpump” then I only have to start again at 630 tomorrow am! #doublefistpump lol Sure thing, Lisa! Please email sydneyobryan and we'll get you taken care of. Thanks! thanks, I'll get to you on that real soon Ditto!!! RT : +1 MT : Here's what I want in the iPhone 5: Tangle-free headphones. Given the few days before the draft, did we solve that keepers issue? It's so quiet. You have the most beautiful little girls :) Oh cool gig! You could probably get back stage with that lol. Investment banking its fun but takes up much time! x We have some contacts over there, I'll DM more information. #solidarity In action: MoveOn.org members have sent 260,000+ statements of support to CHEATING is NOT an accident .. Falling off a bike is an accident ! You don't trip & fall into pussy. Nah, I work 60 hours a week, plus I canceled Stubs awhile ago. One of the answers on Jeopardy tonight was Ron Swanson! thanks for the shout-out RT, man. It's a CMA writers show @ my job tonight.. It's sad.. I don't know a single country song.. Like nothing even sounds familiar lol RT Sorry to hear Donna Summer has died John Cena is going to pop soon...why don't ppl like him anymore!? Art building bathrooms are always the most interesting Have you read today's #Body & Soul pullout of #The Sunday Mail? Check out the interview I did about my experience with Pilates just got an instagram, , follow ! Most jobs are marginally better than daytime TV. if he can point me to places with more flexible hrly requirements. For credit my school only requires a 16hr week so thts 2 days SO MUCH PRIDE LIKE A LEO IAM A LION 'YEAH ...AND I ANT LIEIN!*! If you're going to #BASHH tonight, be sure to let know how much you appreciate all her hard work giving it to us! that was funny as hell. Oh FUN & I have news, I'm the reigning Ms Santa Monica USA come April. Princess of dark comedy to beauty queen w/sash & tiara! great! Just preparing for three awesome shows this weekend! Can u write. I'm thinking about holding a private seminar on putting together a book from start to finish. Email rshamar if ur int ... aww I miss you too! I was thinking about you the other day! Csnf ;) ha I love you Donald Driver!!!! <3333 Sick as a dog an I gotta get better cuz I'm gonna be flying to Florida this weekend for two-weeks for business an to see my family n friends Dear guys behind me in study hall, stop. Please. I don't even know what you're doing but stop. i love you ok? For the idiots. every Indian is now hitting above .250 besides duncan and kotchman and in only 20 games walked 101 times. leads league by 18 Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. – Sir Winston Churchill Off to school I go -.- but I do wanna see someone :) Ran my media partner meetings like a boss lady, #WINNING. Now time to watch them do WORK! Vitellos' Jazz Club in Studio City in association with the LA Jazz Society asks the LA jazz-loving community to join in JAZZ for JAPAN! Do you like watching Husker football??? If you think that back wall is impressive, you should see what's in the basement! (More books. But still…) Moments [like just now] when the music moves my body, my emotions, my soul - that's when the music has consumed me.. or I have consumed it Giggle of the day while looking up AP style on something else: Gamy, gamier, gamiest. Huh. Got a message you were following, but can't dm. Tx4tf?!?!? love u more :)) looks like got the "comfy" chair! RT : Donuts don't make you feel full until it's too late. #ThoughtsDuringSchool When will this teacher ever stop talking . Teen Night a successful! It's been going strong this year. 250+ in attendance. Thanks Mikey for helping the teens to make this happen! I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's Hi! Your welcome! I'm glad it made you feel better. Hope you're feeling better. Take care! Successful tip to grow was to ask to collaborate with like minded organizations. Ask them to share. Hello from Center City!!! Does Univ of Arizona SID Tom Duddleston have a Twitter presence? His info seems to reach wvu news before tucson news? These coyotes in the forest behind my house are going crazy. We are Human we makes our own magic. Delvin Young PR advice: Come out and say when you drink too much, you turn into a different person. We undestand The RT was because your laugh made me laugh again! Nice. I think it's the hair. I think I might've made a mistake. It seems like ive cleared your conscience...but what about mine? You too. -Quick twitter poll: LinkedIn: Yes, use it mostly for business connections. Others? Sugar Shane about to Ge Sugar Slain. Lookin sloppy out there PANTS PENNY'S BOAT OK, another busy day done! Time for much needed rest. Hope everyone had a fantastic Valentines Day. Good night and God Bless. This is true, and it is not because I am a member of a conspiracy, but because it is a bad and misogynist movie. Where did you get the pet-pillow? I want one badly as hell =D Two concerts, two weeks, same venue and I must say that was better on so many levels than the Red Hot Chili Peppers show tonight? only the best for Dan Join the conversation on Twitter: Check us out at ! Heading to the Sau club meeting you're "special" in that Special Olympics kind of way. Lol can I get a follow back pretty please:) dear god, how else do you it then?!? #CMS a-ha moment when they realized that #MarkLogic can handle both structured and unstructured data. When my twitter app doesn't work <<< thanks man! we hope to finish an album by the end of the year thanks for the follow back and God bless... Catch our last performance of the Diamond Eater @ the Play Room Theater with a great cast, directed by Robert Kaflin. I am LIVING for and LOVING on the #DragRace Reunion! Never "RuPaulogize" for being you! Get a account, you'll love it! But beware...it's very addictive! :) N ur Inspirational Words & Deeds - To All Fam - Keep Pushin' Hard! U can as long as u Keep HIM w/ U "LL&P" "M" Ridiculous right-grab contracts equate to few reviews. Hopefully soon to be none at all. Except for the newbie that will sign them. my mom hasnt replied but my dad said he should be able to give me a ride over later that movie is wonderful! I love the part where Lucy gets all the jam. RT : RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank Join us for trivia with DJ Joanie B. tonight at 9:30pm. Find out if you're smarter than the average drinker First up for Cit. Com. is Davey Trees rep. arguing against AE awarding line-clearing contract to Asplundh. i had a conversation recently with about a wedding in Eureka Springs! You are an amateur radio enthusiast? Can you connect to the Internet and web with ham radios and a computer? Heard rumors of customers ditching their dinner bills during Boston's blackout. It's never too late to start over in your day lady. Are you talking about Insanity or the dairy? And now it's two ER for Clay... Summer sounds nice during the entire school year then you realize you're bird af at home. #rondoorcp3 already know who im saying CP3! best pg in the nba some things u should just not post on a social media network.. just saying You are my spirit. 4ever I use a WordPress theme that's Tumblr-like (in fact, it's called a Tumblog.) Might be a good hybrid? dunk of the night has to be Anthony Davis' put back slam!! yes, and can you expand it to all teams? opens in ONE WEEK! Meet the cast at HERE LOUNGE in WeHO on the 4th...and Catch them at Red Zebra on the 7th!!!! a borin ass monday followed up by a borin ass tuesday somebody hmu asap shut up abel. your not allowed to tweet anymore -_- Always going to support no matter what #Mahomies4Life <3 are u going to watch San Antonio's newest sports team the Talons; the arena football team? Only have a week of phone , ipod , laptop , & friends . Then its the #groundedlife . haha what? No harm done, I've heard worst things lol LOVE the HOB. And I'd love to see something like that happen in many places in OKC. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors stilettos. You look dumb when you say "SMH" in a real conversation. Instead, just perform the action. I'll pick up on your displeasure. lowkey, I think you have a minor one. Fill petrol at night, don't drive fast: expert 'Kuwait adopting multiple ... - Arab Times Kuwait English Daily Who says u aren't? Don't let no one say u can't b something. Gotta stay young some way right? kinda :p Im doing English 4 Special #FF goes to ---> brilliant writer and fabulous #starbucks partner! Great night last night. Only at cow by bear do complete strangers get into 3 hour conversations about the purpose of life This is cool, right? Thanks for last night's RB tix. Great game in a hurricane! bout to get my outback on at da crib?? who hungry lol please follow me!!) Just saying. Songs these days don't talk about love like it did during the old school era. Agree about Angelina's ring. For a stone that big it should sparkle hot not look rather cold. thank u.pathetic Recording some new music. WOO!! Also, wishing would follow me back and make one of my dreams come true. :D Yep. next Saturday! great feedback! have you looked at getting a full SM account? more flexibility there. skate everyday How the eff you spend 450$ on an app and then go to install it and it says "contact iTunes customer service" Call them... Closed. We'll be at 's AAR-SBL annual meeting in San Francisco on Nov 19-22. Stop by booth 529 for a 20% discount & free shipping! When I awoke this morning life smiled at me! The rest of the day I will smile at life :) Homework time, then blog time. I should be to bed by 4. sounds like the best post-seminar meal I ever heard of... with some pretty awesome peoples too! RT Reading The Infinity Gauntlet for the first time in about 20 years. // Nice. Wonder who they'll cast as Adam Warlock...? You are my favorite person in the whole world. And that includes the imaginary ones. nothing at all ): Pick to win the cup now Cyotes!! Mike Smith gonna take them to the Cup!! and "conservative" and "Tea Party" are synonymous. justin!! :D Thanks to for teaching a very accessible class on web servers and for making it happen. I perspired threw my poors so pore today! RT : I through the ball threw the hoop. He's still in Afghanistan but should be home in november...FINALLY. i emailed you a few photos :) Why is it Dairy Queen restaurants can't figure out the difference between a malt and a shake? I'd say shake if that's what I wanted. Sheesh! That sure looks like the den of a mad scientist. U can hate the spurs or love them, but you must respect them... Howdy! Long time! Have you moved on from ? Happy Birthday!!! RT from Iran -lies about demonstrators mixed w/ anti-gov thugs - IRIB wantto turn ppl against Mousavi - hack them pls #CYBERMONDAY ALMOST OVER GET YOUR 50% OFF WHILE ITS AVAILABLE It's too bright. I need darkness. Complete darkness. I'd LOVE to find ways to reproduce Posse's support system structure for a many more students. Fill it in: Waldo Cooney's + ____ = One great evening! Lovingly-rendered organs! Funny faces! Weirdly organic hot air balloons! See the art of Selena Bekakis tomorrow night at 4075 NE Sandy Blvd. First person to message us will win a free autographed cd! I wish! I'm in Boston right now. Forgot how amazing this stuff is. she said she wish she never met me cuz she can't help but let me do whatever the hell I want Generally stick to 601/709. Use your scopes to make sure you get your levels right. Then select 601/709 when exporting. Haha incredible episode, the writing is so original even after 7 seasons. Is there anyone with more 5 star matches under the belt? Maybe Shawn, but that's it. Its true. His eyes were mine, as i fell in love with him that night. have fun with the blue men is your ego prego girl?! Im back (: Does anyone know why there is what looks like Aladdin's lamp on the City of Austin Seal? We miss you. :( Salute Your Shorts ....We laugh, we talk, we sit && play...We row && go on trips..but the thing that lasts FOREVER,,is our DIFFERENT-SHIPS ! that's tragic.. and sorta hot ;) See. Maybe I just wasn't meant to watch this game? The human brain is unique in that its the only containr of which it can B said that the more U put in2 it, the more it will hold.Glenn Doman Lexington bound for graduation! He's a big boy now Its a tweet heard if know one's following......? One of life's many questions....... "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married." RT if you agree. packing for ga We are a volunteer run group, & it' s hard to keep up with staff that works elsewhere full time. Anyone else? Just Shaking My Head Mann To This GAME!!! #HeatNation Still No Matter What.!! "Be" the kind of person you want to be be friends with, work with and fall in love with - than watch the energetic exchange happen! Goin to sleep twitter Purchase my books #HIRING #CONTROLLER Accounting Manager in SOUTH FLORIDA - must have FOOD #MANUFACTURING experience contact me on kimberly.mclaren… nahh I honestly think you just smoked to much. A half of blunt to yourself at once? Lol come on now I know!!! But I should've known, a hottie like him wouldn't be that small lol I bet everyone's so excited for tonight.. <U+0001F630><U+0001F62D><U+0001F622><U+0001F61E> Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my Still Up & aint ready 2 go 2 sleep #WHO UP Let us check...yep, it's golfing weather. What's your favorite Northwest #golf destination? looking forward to claiming my prize and taking advantage of this opportunity. Thank you! -Alejandra open peer review allows incorporation of perspectives from wide range of academic and non-academic expertise I hate having to rehearse late, that junk get in my nerves fr Thanks for the mention! We really appreciate it! “: In a world where Bill Murray exists, you will always be second best.” I know. Santa Cruz tweeps: Project Purr rummage sale fundraiser starts 9/11. Stop by corner Thurber Ln & Soquel Dr and support feral cat rescue! that is awesome! You are so right #RTHT. Go check out awesome rock band Their site is you're welcome Chef! Q3) Learning is not all fun and games HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!.. I have to leave thiss house!>.<i was Gona go to my friends bday party buh its mothers day I have to spend time wit my mom on a day like dis<U+E40E> right metric? i guess that'd be ticket sales then, eh? That's how we know it's time for the ol country fastball. Free Faculty Horn & Harp Recital, 8PM IUP/Cogswell. Also @ IUP, 6 O'Clock Series: "The Real Gidget Story" & Broadway Backwards AIDs benefit. Found a new place in Seattle to watch the Pats! remembers Schwern fondly. he is near, but fails to disclose his phone number to locals who wish to feed him and offer hospitality smart show on protecting kids from child sex abuse. Let's keep the conversation going I think guys get bored! Ladies need to take care of there man so they have no reason to stray! 90210 just got AWKWARD We would like to thank our friends for their continued support and shout outs!! man shits pretty fucking gnarly right now dude.im sick of worrying about things normal teenageers don't have to. We look forward to helping you celebrate! RT made reservation for commencement night—a perfect last dinner in DC! wattup my man I hate to say it but its true. tweet my fiancé for details. She's curious for her workplace that has #400employees. It's called StreetLinks. How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire? "As far as I'm concerned, progress stopped with frozen pizza" - thanks for coming in tonight! The owl outside the RMC looks far less weird with the landscaping put in. Nice work, At kenwood with matt and c hey waddup bro?! :D lol same here. Have a good nap Kevin. I don't know why I still come around, I told you I wouldn't be here waiting. But look at me staying around cause that's what you want :\ so today I'm 14 plz follow me u r my biggest inspiration and it would be the GREATEST birthday present ever plz <3 nice! Appreciate that! We try to sound like your sister Z...lol We are right here!! (: How have you been??!! Sometimes hard to call the performances "playing music"... My thought process is so deep Shakespeare would be intimidated naw really I'm deadass serious Everyone send me updates on the rangers game, I am working. Please and thank you <U+0001F44D> Can I get an amen from the congregation? If I couldn't laugh at myself I'd probably be dead. True. Fax. precious precious!! : ) and humble Put ur money where ya mouth is! Thanks Neue for following us back. Keep putting out some great content! back from lunch! hope your farmer's market trip was a success! -lisa * Ability to read and write test plans and test cases I just asked a 8 year old kid who his favorite rapper was, he said #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "Your too quiet." haha no! you just gotta get to know me the people at continue to be the most supportive and genuine folks around. imma gonna miss them. was fun yesterday cant wait to go again in October! <U+E404> Finally got +! jk i just got cleared today so im good to go sit the bench again (: thanks so much. oh Christian Bale... oh not an unreasonable request. My daughter The Force however, is suspiciously quiet. Upstairs with her BFF, hatching nefarious plans involving pink kitties named Pinky. Getting ready to head for the Harley Davidson Museum in WI Yup wasn't nothing but trouble anyway :/ RT : ditto for me. Except I never got to go around the block, lol. great to see you on twitter! asks the question: what is a "like" really worth on FB? Thanks for the follow Wishing loads of #acting success! That "I am awesome" moment when you get mail from one of your dream colleges, even if it's a generic letter. iphone 3g for at+t for sale....dm Not too late to come see Where the Yellowstone Goes in its 1st public screening tonight I know and are coming ": Fxck Fruit Of The Loom . Hanes Got The Best Underwear & Socks Also Sports Bra . #SeriousTweet" lmao is it tht serious Rain Friday? C'mon man we got a show. yoga at bonnet house starting in january...details soon! I just finished Silver Sparrow too! loved it. Tayari is one of my faves. Have you read her other books? “Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own sorry lo vi el otro dia y me fui a comer . Waiting to hear from Facebook's head of learning and development Stuart Crabb at going live at 4pm with a brand-new from On Deck downtown! www.trailblazers.tv Multiple projects and impending deadlines make me prolific. Normally, I'm super lazy. (Not saying you're lazy....) Such a perfect day to visit . So gorgeous out :) what kinda can ya running? I knw Jory gots that fortitude. ;) So sleepy and have a 6 hour drive ahead of me! Bad combination, Coffee?? Yes please!! THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES THIS MORNING!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! lol praying for friends. Ain't it the truth. Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's. Such perfect weather. Please pray for my mom's friend Angel. He was in a really bad motorcycle accident, and we're not sure if he'll make it. :( For Zuckerman's birthday, I shall give him a tip--Fix iPhone/Facebook app compatibility, for Christ's sake! Love this!!!! What a cutie (your dad, not SJP). Hotel manager tells me there's internet in the room...yes sir. But it's 10 dollars. I will be staying in the lobby. Experience simple truce "I know you". Endless possibilities & #power<U+2600> there is a whole YouTube playlist with this years songs from each country! You MUST see the Social Network Song. People do not like using the Google. going to bed, thanks for trying to help , trying a computer tomorrow.. a few timbers and I will be at "the old pad" in Eugene from 6-8 doing a q and a session. Would love for you to join us! thank you so much for your insight!! Chiddy's new album is great! yeah, what's up with that? Making me crazy. Thought Madonna was going to break into "Hey Mickey." Awesome! Just found out who's playing at the Partner Appreciation Party do you know what's underneath? Thanks for the love! Hope you had a great weekend too! Creativity is a renewable resource. You never run out of it. There's no end to it. And just think- just two more years and we go through the Texas science standards process again. yeah. Me. Over it. Dont expect anything from me cuz i'm done putting up with bullshit fuck you. tired of fake ass people man why bro? :o snort everything. Dsoc board had dinner @ Busboys & Poets. Mucho yum Can't ever recall a 1st overall picked QB getting his TE or WR w/ the next pick. good! glad u are beter! :) ECM in Iowa works to ensure that every child has access to health care. I find myself staying up until 1AM because I can...no one can make me go to bed. I am a rebellious teenager at heart. I'm sorry to hear that. I can't believe some of these guys don't get it yet. I LOVE THIS. RT Make a Pressed Penny Charm Bracelet bit.ly/rivUrE Just finished an awesome voice lesson with at Brett Manning Studios. :) love the patterns, but not all brides can afford, especially last year, budgets going up tho I love a women with some thing to hold on you know lol! You never txted me back since when are you on twitter!!?? ROTFLMAO. You've become one of my favorite comedians and court jesters. Where the muzik at G.....da homie put me up on game bout ya. I'm worried it's gonna go out here and I took a big nap today! this party is exhausting...and never ending Your Twitter profile is adorable. Thanks for the follow, Handsome (or Deathly Pale) ; ) me too. Earth Day was yesterday! What did you do to improve the environment? only you knew how much I love you......<3 time to gets mine and do whats best for my career ad future of basketball. 9 more tweets 10-handed hold 'em makes me cry. That's great, I'm glad to hear things are going well back east. Coachella should be a blast. Miss you too! Smh I think it's cause I'm texting my bestie. The things I do for her lmao The Falcon flies again! Thanks and those pure nickel 12's from for the perfect combo. Big win for my #Bobcats in the big dance. Plus, a huge win for in the Solider on probably the best song right now. At the end of this culdesac If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him? Thanks for sharing David - This drives me to order new parka sooner than anticipated: MT Coolest day + first time high hasn't hit 70 in DC since May 14 How can you help me with my promotions? I need someone who can help. RT : Jon Mclaughlon is perfroming tonight and white Roberts after. Mirrors cant talk. And lucky enough for you, they cant laugh* You put me in your fan book. I'll put you in mine. <33 #smh nasty bitches these days!! What happened to classy one's, like us? Ex-Buckeye Will Smith is barred for four games by the NFL for his role in the Saints' bounty scandal. Happy Mothers Day! Because ALL MOMS ROCK! I'm not a Republican Nor a Democrat I do not Support Same Sex Marriages But support Civil Liberties Soon you'll be marrying Dogs! hell yea MTM Radio is taking a few weeks off from production to recharge our batteries. Is it football yet?? I been rollin' up sativa got me high, high. This is one of my favorite stops for a case of the good stuff: Venier, Pattes Loup, etc RT Celebrating our First Birthday today! Anyone interested in being a part of some new television shows? Let me know so we can do something never disappointed! Brunch! Sunday! Soon I hope! Put these in your own order... Concept, Conflict, Character i am going to your oakton place today and i was wondering if the blue dye looks sort of like middle neon #3WordsOfAdvice Respect All Girls Ladies I have a couple openings today, call and book your Thanksgiving hair appointment now:) (813) 910-2770 Clinton program is great :D Watching Madeas Big Happy Family. Omg I'm dying lol i hope not, but it probably will be because i leave on tuesday! that is so cool! Hooray! Happily for community meeting. You should try it. Pliny the Elder is tasty thanks! good luck out west....stay in touch PA-Thetic... RT : Brad Hawpe's batting average officially dropped to .100 with that foul pop out. Shouldn't it be called CitiField butter now? #BERNIE is rockinG.The little movie that could! has cume over $500k on limited release. Per screen avg is >$6k Pictures of her daughter's body gets only a few tears while talk about Casey's poor pitiful childhood has her boohooing? Do people actually buy unfrosted Pop-Tarts? These are the mysteries that keep us awake at night... You Just Sayin That Bc Im Black Lol Ringling Bros &^Barnum & Bailey: Fully Charged... um, really? I feel like this is sponsored by Mountain Dew or Axe Body Spray hahahaha I call everyone a child! I even call Josh a child and he's 18 sensibleelectioncom - Ski goggles – An article by Gerard Cotton - skiing goggles I think I want to start playing lacrosse! I know former Jewish prisoners who now do Tikkun Olam. They're amazing! It's an honor & privilege to know them. Never hog tied a steer but I hog tied my nephew pretty well...can't be that different. Breakfast is so important for athletes! Don't skip it, if you don't have a ton of time just grab some fruit & peanut butter toast Damn, you got me. back in Vero for break. Working on music. That's good. For a moment I had an image of the cyclops and his daughter in "Shrek" stuck in my head. One plus: In SD, I can pretend that Samir Nasri isn't among the sky blue blurry blobs doing the celebrating. My sis in law, the best i can admit i'm a nerd...or am i? ha! RT : sweet ringtone in class today! mad props for anything Star Wars. so mean :( yes! The closest he'll be is New York, then he's in other countries til November. :'( he should come to Philly or near. Action equals Competence equals Confidence. You need to figure out a P.O. Box or something so I can mail you and your bandmates some presents! We are all working on the first weeks designs, and looking forward to start posing on the 20th. I awake in a dark room. Do I: A) Light a torch & look for a way out, B) Feel my way out in the dark, or C) Stop tweeting & go back to sleep? I have to pee but I'm wearing tights. This is news? Hectic Monday...but at least I got to add another #Coach bag and accessory to my collection. :) Not losin sleep over this, get it together Thursday boys... And when I cut my facial hair... there are no bumps. “: Final score Fort Wayne 7 Wichita 3” It does sound yummy..will surely try some afternoon! haha you are funny i tried to avoid twitter (just like facebook), but i guess i can't hide any longer! Really writers of #House? Really!? The day is finally here! It's time for Kentucky to beat Louisville for the 4th straight time. Go CATS! Check out our new song "Classic"! #BestSportsMoviesOfAllTime Seabiscuit. They said Toby McGuire was too big to be a jockey but he proved them wrong. How On How I met your mother, the one episode Robin realizes she always says "but um". What is your overused phrase? Mine is "and so". Thanks for including me! Enjoyed reading the other stories as well. did the wetseal action go away finally? Check out the theatre presentation focused on in the booth #1503 @ 12PM. "Dell Boomi: Ease of Integration w/ Love it! Trailer date? What on earth Not knowing what these things mean <<< She comes around here just about at midnight, ha. She makes me feel so good, I wanna say she makes me feel alright. AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI 5/26 BIG BOY FREE BOTTLES FREE BOTTLES!!!! @ FOR MORE INFO: The 3D venture report sounds interesting but can't get to the report... please check the link. dam wish i got chopped today but shit i had me a lil gud ass day lol never again would I let them choose the Seems like a concession. Feel bad for the girls. thanks for the #txla13 info u sent to tlc 2day. And BTW-love the c. kennedy quote on your signature! :) Congratulations to my alma mater Kentucky for winning the NCAA championship -- go Cats! Well done! I have no idea what to wear to the Oscars tonight hahaha WI: Racine Fire and Police Commission selected current Deputy Chief of Police Artel Howell as the new police chief. Howell is Afro-American. Wow, lots of panicked students today on the chat reference. Sometimes I wonder what the CJ is doing with page 1 of sports.Today they knocked it out of the park with the Russ and dad pic! The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place. --Orison Swett Marden Going grocery shopping with my mom and Jana! We're hitting up all of them. In our pajamas. (: <3 despite the gray sky and rain in DC, the trees have just turned colors and it is eerily beautiful Literally JUST caught my train. Jeez. NC, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Don't forget to do your homework! #DontYouWish could be your neighbor so you can be ACTUAL friends <3 Thanks for yelling! It was a super hot night! Look forward to the next. XO Last night's #Mets #Rockies game saw 27 runs, 36 hits, 7 errors, an 11 run inning, a cycle, 12 pitchers, 42 runners left on base. #i<U+2764>numbers Wahoo! Enjoy it! Assassin. RT : Feeling ready. Now it has to be more abt my blood pressure and less abt that Snickers bar. Damn you old age!!! Just because love is blind doesn't mean it has to be stupid Don't forget about today's News Assignment Meeting at 5 p.m. in MGC 252! #BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: We Came As Dwight. God paid a lot for his endorsement, His name is Jesus Christ, He was sent to take the penalty for our sins. No one likes a visit from Aunt Flow. Dogs included NYC: King's Court: a dance, theater and music piece premieres this Tuesday! I'll be your host for the evening :) August 2010! The game evolves! www.thesportsland.com no! to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something. some people can be mean about it. Lets me get you coffee this week and give you some copies of stuff. Thanks! Besides, it's not like my rooting makes a difference - just makes me feel better, if only for a fleeting moment. :-) going out tonight babaaay. trivia I say go for it. It will look great on a resume. I'm about to pay 200 dollars to see Best investment ever :) Ottawa. A dence haze over the entire drive, which we've surmised to be the physical manifestation of boredom. not true and definitely not appropriate Bulls guard Derrick Rose will have 8 to 12 months of rehab after tearing his ACL in the 1st round of the playoffs. Sure!! Chirpify is an app that you must register with first. It takes 1 minute and then you can buy music with 1 click Hey girl, it kinda sorta looks like Crayola gang banged your face. Coyote Ugly Tonite! Featuring ,, and a special guest appearance by ... On the road to Antigo for doors. Where are you from? Bought to eat steak burgers...yummy!!(in my ace ventura voice!) RT RT : #OccupyWallStreet Does this image remind anyone of a certain square in a country that overthrew its dictator? New Yorker article on #drones ends on an puzzling note, with a blend of awe & horror regarding birds & insects—& their nano-simulators. Hey Mike, sorry about the emails. Can you forward me an email you received so I can look into it. vreeland [at] yext [dot] com My values, our values, aren't about pointing fingers. They are about offering a helping hand. ~Kathleen Blanco bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though not having kids is a joy you have to experience to understand we still expect to be compensated somehow as this went on for about 4 months I think Too long to get this new Tv working right Lol! Be sure to top it off with crab juice. “Jokes? There are no jokes. The truth is the funniest joke of all.” <U+2015> Muhammad Ali Just feasted like it was Thanksgiving.. I might blow up ": Don't be in a relationship if you're going to at single." can't argue with either of those points! you should use my guy. Two emails and done. Probably the best Christmas ever. Low-key and perfect. lol.. museum holiday party.. and all the dirty Santa gifts are alcohol related. I sure wish I had someone to wine and dine for valentines day..but then again nothin else make my dick hard like countin cash I can tweet anything about a sign & people will believe it & say "Wow so true!" You people are so gullible! One of the things I miss the least after leaving the radio business is the ridiculous holiday hours. Many props to you, sir. Thanks again to Seattle EMP chair , Renee Gervais, and for a great resume building workshop! Yup RT I love watching Premier League football. But at least 53% of my love is the announcers. I wish those guys called the NFL. Watching AGT, hoping for iLuminate to win, but I wish all of them the best. Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it resembles the first. Do you nurture your knack for adventure? lol true everyone else up here are lames & don't know how to have fun RT : The money is the motive. RT : dynamic speaker at #cbrally what a great afternoon thx to & Happy 1st Mother's Day Babygirl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy Yes, but nature/handling of stories very different given subject. Ask all who retweeted "Joe Pa is dead" report when he wasn't. Great seeing all my fellow Gents at the Virginian She will never pass Jessie and other strong participants. U just blew a very strong one. GOOD LUCK 2 U LOOSER k I'm fake Best part about shitty things happening on shitty days? It doesn't ruin a otherwise non shitty day. Pop / Pop punk bands email me! ! Happy hump day!!!! Off to work on this lovely weather:-( Judging someone's decisions are easy when the choice was not yours to make. via : Moved the floor under the chairs... then managed to delete (?) the floor. Good news is the stuff is there. hi babycakes!!! I love you big much and hope you enjoyed #Chronicle as much as i did I'm wearing a freemasons freemason jacket at this party and he's mad salty. I wonder why.... ; this negro playing w/ my emotions, black people can't never plan shit correctly. hey Charlie, turns out I work with a friend of yours Andre Houston help me spread the word of 28 year old missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. Just caught a private showing of "up". Really amazing and touching. Pixar has done a great job. See it! Reviewers don't lie! DONT BREAK A HIP :) So excited for to photograph an invitation set for us tonight! Listening to Tony, Toni, Tone on Spotify. Awesome - gotta love social media! Last call! #Browns win, so can you. RT for a chance to win a FREE copy of "On Being Brown." Winner picked at 3:30 today. The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority Leading Sports Marketing Agency Partners With IC Places to Give Customers Direct Access to Book Athletes and Celebrities i would do him Football Jesus take the wheel!! Sources report Terrell Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball. Could be out for the season.... Thanks Oppy, you rock! Looking forward to seeing you in LA soon! :) I'm working on copy for a webinar on libraries' adapting ideas from the coworking movement. Can Taylor Swift stop acting surprised that people like her? First portion of the question notwithstanding... Impossible to tell without being there (& even then'd be difficult) (cont) apparently 67 degrees is a normal temperature for my house. A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends - and getting work done on Today Show (to celebrate your birthday)! Definitely a must watch! This weather is def Tricky... 1st im July the 10th in Philly Dressed, then suddenly i come out of the store&i need 2b Nov 8th Dressed Who's watching? RT : An all-new episode of #Chopped premieres tonight at 10p|9c. RT if you're watching! wasssssuppppppp! (scream from scary movie voice) JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor #thingsifindattractive someone who has their shit together ! Gettin a new tat soon just need to decide where on me I want it "super slow-mo replay Amber!" Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table. Come in and Visit! Now that baseball season has started, Spring is officially underway! Cooking brontosaurus burgers. RT : Gus, why is the fire so big? My GPS says I went a little further... BUT I'M A HALF-MARATHONER!! I just finished a 13.7 mi run with Nike+ GPS. I don't know :(. Feel like this was a hush hush show. My mom asked if I wanted cream in my coffee. I said moms on this body?? Make it soy Swag,Swag,Swag ..On you ;) "They say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me. Young love murder this is what this must be." DO IT! someday, somebody will love the fuck out of you. The public should not be allowed to use public restrooms. I can't live up to my twitter handle now :-( Stay in tuned Colorado! Follow Back at ya :) woah. I think I need to start riding the bus with you. hahahah , i think my spermies are dead. That or the holes i've been poking in these condoms arent big enough. and a handshake! Will you be there sunday? Are you arguing the 0! = 1 by shuffle is an abuse of the empty set? Set up for that thing must be a real bitch. SON? You made an "older" man feel young :-) #rbms09 RBMS 50 for 50 Campaign is a success! Please go to the 50 for 50 tab on the Scholarships tab of the preconference website for more! Sitting at my old high school watching every one walk n for prom.Holla ha , i bet it did ; felt like one of my punches did you move up here yet? i know babe ;) song about dinosaurs. Quite an inspiring chat tonight. We will visit this topic again and crowdsource ideas. Staytuned! will do! Lol i meant to say i lov yall i guess you can only play on adrenaline for so long. pearl Izumi and bontrager make several starting from $50. The more you spend the more support you get from the pad. “: Spanish is cooler to begin with. ha,ha,ha. :)” also looks better too, at least the galavision broadcast is in HD [Matt6:34] Let's consciously make each today so wonderful that no thought of any yesterday or tomorrow can succeed in entering our mind. Joy Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy>>>>> I can't wait to see that movie Has anyone found this one? How many stops are left? Thanks for following, great to meet you! Your nerdiness is awesome team leader...oh yeah...I'll take that! I got bored so I started stalking your twitter and I saw this. Only you. I died. Lmfao. lol I do I'm good, thank you. Staring at the screen. Tons of edits. How are you? what's upp(: Curious: How was your weekend?_________ Hey Para,how's everything? hold your phone in the air, that might be the easiest way to spot you! Stay tuned for another challenge field announcement TOMORROW!! Hint: he's currently a contender for 2012 Bradley Beal is in Chi. Not only was he 1 of the bright spots on the Gators last season, he's going top 5 in the draft <33333333 Arby's after a win over rival Padua 4 MORE DAYS OF KYLE PIERCING! Don't miss out! Come on down and get pierced say whats up to Kyle and get 20% off your jewelry. Haddadi didn't want any part of that Blake Griffin dunk Don Mashak&#39;s Montgomery County, Alabama Free Press: Minnesota ... So excited. Made me dance dance dance!!!! :-) The guy from the David Blaine youtube video is in a USPS commercial and it's freaking me out Finally..Bobby V will announce the back-end of the rotation tomorrow. What combination of Aceves, Bard and Doubront do you think it will be? Novak is not THAT good! Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth shame on you taking vacation now :p You really never have a pt. Wisc. LOST jobs in last year, dead last in job creation in USA. “: good times last night fellas, great to meet all of you” Ditto sir! playing a block party outside of maple leaf from 7 to 9 tonight. Post jazzfest party! Come get funky with us!!! @(614) Magazine: Have you heard of The Hubbard Grille. New bar--what's the scoop? I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP$ like twenty minutes Made dinner, garlic Parmesan baked Alaskan cod, roasted red potatoes & green beans in rosemary sauce and spinach. Thanks for the retweet, Maggie! Have a great weekend! Portland Elvis sighting. Same coke bottle glasses, no cardboard guitar. I am not a CLO...yet...but I love the magazine! how do u become popular on here ugh and they are not following meeeh Awesome, thanks! "I got pink eye in Hong Kong." - Have no food in the fridge but will have 400 dollar sneakers on Yay on finishing another year! You are one of the busiest people I know & it's fun watching your adventures! Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Shark Enterprises Youd be amazed by what I consider my most memorable moments. thank YOU!! aw x 1000. :) x 198531050. !! OMG new song #angel is AMAZING ! Can't wait for September 20th ! I know there are commercials being cast Dec. 19-22. Have some session runner friends staying in town for the work. while driving down the road around 9 this evening my friend and I passed an old man in a wheelchair, just chillin' by his mailbox. AWKWARD. hey! that's in chicago! we could have a t.c. meetup! Teams that lack confidence always find a way to lose. I watch my Chi Bulls 2day and they miss 4 FTs in OT @ MSG. Have confidence & make em'! Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers But as we continue to stay Division X Records would like to wish you a happy and safe New Year. Off to the set for a feature film shoot in Malibu. The reward. Big problem w #hackathon model is failure to make lasting change or produce sustainable programs. oh let me rephace . Omg you are so cool for knowing 500 people. You do need to text 10000 more. Finding abundance in "less" is so important, esp for/with kids. RT The Up-Side of Downsizing (esp when it involves kids) Ruby, I'm sorry, but that cone on your head looks SO fucking funny... also, you have to get back on. I started a game with you! I get it. But why collect followers without returning the favor. That's what #teamfollowback is about, isn't it... Honey? Washington just scored. This game is not even going to be close. Good morning(? yea until we land somewhere. Too many unknowns right now. Ha would you be interested in making a friendly wager? Just don't let him bring any form of taxidermy ...I made that mistake as a child. go ahead and buy Blaze one while your at It haha He wants one! thank you Steven! Hope Your Weekend Rocks! Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tomorrow at 7 & 7:30! do you keep a record? I'd like to be that kind of person. Can't believe #Chargers lost this 06 Playoff game vs #Patriots. Totally outplayed em but couldn't convert on opportunites.Feel bad for them. Cara read me a little Faulkner last night. It started to seem very weird that he's the "kill your darlings" guy. It's all over the place. Thank YOU for listening to ! We appreciate you! Have not tweeted in awhile Can I help you find your home you want to buy, or see. I'm pretty sure I didn't hahaha I wish! :D Feel better soon! We miss you! Shower flow Forgive & forget Three baserunning outs today. Tell New Orleans that I miss her. My 75 year old father just used the sentence "I'm LOL!" in an email he sent me. I love that he opted for the more formal grammar. Last Fri #real #estate wrd unscramble-freehold 2days WORD:nrcsgoie HINT:party "Its tngbl,its solid..its artstc..just luv real estate!" Trump No clue how HHS plans to roll out exchange reg at Fragers. Used to live in that hood, it is filled with an unbelievable amount of stuff. Finally going to bed after 13 hours of studying/ paper writing... Z No problem!(: yeah dont forget me! !!!! I hate it when people say i will follow you if you follow or i will dm you if you follow...like do they ever keep a promise? Congrats to the DBU baseball team! So excited for you guys! And not 18 as it is in Europe Loved that show, so smart and cool for kids. And me. Audition tip #11. Actors, if you go from homeless to famous, Do Not Go on Dr. Phil! wat part of the school is the meeting.? Farmnatura, thanks for following us on Twitter! Congrats! for your Emmy Nom! Proud to work with you! Last time I checked, work doesn't reassure you that liking a finger up your ass doesn't make you gay -___- A pass rush. Favorite addition to Mad Max's costume? The butt flap. The butt flap totally makes Max more threatening. Lol, that was a GREAT attempt though. I need free drinks in Austin pronto. Where should I be? Romney was the chief executive of the Olympics at one point?! Time to get this money today #HeatFanExcuses I knew this one was coming too ": But we lost because no Bosh" : wow. very surprised at how much i loved the moviemaybe the key is to go in with low expectations... #breakingdawn TOTALLY! I don't mind if we take our time, cause I'm all yours if you're all mine. Hope everyone had a safe holiday weekend, and that all are ready for the New Year! Official says George Zimmerman to be charged with 2nd-degree murder of Trayvon Martin; Zimmerman is in custody now that's a good one. The pope should hang. If there's any justice in the world, the pope should hang. GOOD LUCK we love you Thank you! Unless supermarkets start asking us for massive bagels, we'll be keeping it real with normal sized ones Let me guess, it's a "Jump To Conclusions" App? The Orioles DFAed Zelous Wheeler. Sad news, but a welcome reminder that Zelous Wheeler is a good name for a Burt Reynolds character/movie. Great meeting you last night Great event too. Can't wait for the next one! The letters h, u, g are right next to each other on the keyboard Rofl : p Teachers are gayy -.- & ESPECIALLY annoying! I hope u do egg their houses this summer ;PSome only can be cool : ) Giving your son a skill is better than giving him one thousand pieces of gold. -Chinese Proverb Thank you for the RTs : "Do you have a Mentor, Advocate & Sponsor? New Blog Post He looks even older than on TV. The campaign did not help him in the age dept. Karma's a beautiful bitch.. I have sensitive ass skin I hate it Fleurir Chocolate Tasting Friday Eve at Biagio Dedicated artist, what are you doing to cultivate enough "Real Fans (not followers)" using cutting edge technology to make an honest living? Ended yesterday's long planning meeting by suggesting we should let proposed plans "fester." Colleague kindly corrected that to "germinate" You are so handsome! “: my pussy is the smartest girl ever.” that's what she said. no I don't think it was. We won't sweep them All that pent-up anger is going to give you premature wrinkles, my dear. ;) #SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "This Is How We Do It" - Montell Jordan re: FOB, do you mean their reactions to new immig? If so, yes...but no I don't look at fob phenomenon :) UM talk = wonderful evidence to turn back common "non-scholars do not need access" to scholarship ("reports enough") arguments We hope everyone had a wonderful time at this year's National Dialogue on Blacks in #HigherEd Conference. We certainly enjoyed having you! Yea i seen tht lol i wasn't say that because i thought tht was why your getting hate :) Aficionado just crushed it. Already working on it <3 To buy a pair of herringbone TOMS or not to buy them that is the question... we need policy to push these changes Hey man it's We all got shwasted! #TooMuchSake Thanks for coming! Awww! It would be much fun to hang out with the McClains guys that take pics of themselve mirror are fags Haha! :) RT : Just watched and I think I saw the hardest working girl in the city Mason in command half way through the 3rd... 40 to 28 thanks for the follow. You should help our foundation raise awareness of drug detection Changing lives happy birthday! yes, i can happy birthday and God bless you! We will see, I control my own destiny! yes! Long way from reality. Wow. thank you to Monique, Bebe, Eylsa, Lilly, Calico, Sammie, Rhaina, Emerald, & Dre for coming out to Renegade 2 wash bikes for March of Dimes we followed them (: ": There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book." RT : Hating The Doors & the Grateful Dead is so easy. Go out on a limb & hate something new. You might be first at something. Nick Bruel is giving a shutout to teachers @ OH: You've seen my "goin out" boots... you ain't seen my COWBOY boots! How do we create difficult conversations at IEP meetings?. At the SMILE, HON: WASTE release party: SARAH JANE MILLER marvels at "the places you'll poo"... if i were a vampire, i'd sparkle just enough to lower your guard, then i'd FUCK YOU UP! Beware, ! Did you send in your vote by mail Application? Only 13 days left to request Vote-by-mail dealine May 29th. You know what's a shame..when you sit down and your theighs squish out to twice their size!! : )) The mad hatter is mad y'all. Hate when I get a great idea for a book to write & then google & find others have already done it. Hmm... Groupon a Gift Certificate? If so, they (and maybe their clients) could be violating expiration date laws how cute! Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast! haha sounds appealing, but I'm stuck on a set. And can't have wine until Sunday. But thanks! You can come and vacation at my house. We have cats. Good Luck bestfriend (: kick some butt and your going to do great! Run like the wind bullseye!!<3 Well I do track If today has taught me anything so far it is that I can get a LOT done if I just focus. Frozen ones do for sure. I'd kill for anyone on my team. I love you guys and I'm gonna miss you seniors. Ok so I'm a nerd at times, but I'm a pretty cool nerd. Everybody likes me....well not everybody lmbo. -StarLynn PURPLE SWING IT OUT! ROBERT REICH had me singing the STAPLES song I'LL TAKE YOU THERE. ONLY ROBERT REICH did it in 8 steps. GOOD INFORMATION Nope - LaLa is on the cover Clickbank Success Tips - All Things Bright and Beautiful (John Rutter) soloists and Choirs Changing my ways.. Learning about Mendeley (bib management software) at haha of course :) it was on love and basketball! Hey...where is the party tomorow? #OkUPrettyBut do you lick? Gonna be dropping a release date on our newest Braynstream collab mixtape soon oh. And duh. cutting a kicker with an 87% success rate over the last 3 seasons makes a ton of sense. Nice! VH1, now Jimmy Choo. Do you sleep? :) Success is the only way at this point... How long can go? Emily needs to bury the Graysons and spike the football already. I’m gettin money, thats in any nigga category, Double M I got G’s out in California. Good bye indiana hello Kentucky. buy some cushions. That way u r sure the cushions don't come with stains of things u want nothing to do with. Chiasso Opens Wilmette Location Chicago furniture retailer Chiasso has opened a new furniture store in Wilmette, Ill. Read Full Article.. "Her face is paler than ever. Her eyes look enormous. They glisten like polished, black jewels."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT How do I cite your work on sickness narratives in my new essay on medical authority in early modern letters? Book or blog? Why do ghetto ppl think they look good? Impromptu dance with the other night; I'm an instant fan. Best song ever Can't wait for the Daytona 500!!! (: i go every year with my #daddy <3 looking for #dogfriendly restaurant in #clt. Already tried revolution pizza in noda. Is there anywhere in #southend or #elizabeth? Wife to A Mom, Grandma, Co-Pastor of Rivergate Church (Formerly Open Bible Fellowship) Tulsa, OK, Hungry for more of God! Ah. Grrrrr. UgH. Not enjoying this morning. omg i love ur twitter background where did u get it? Yeah, 's PR people need to get their act together. Did you add a dash of clear vinegar to the water? That helps the egg hold together. My stepdad works at Hearst! He's quite an awesome guy. We would love to sample your new #kosher wine. Is it distributed in the U.S? This tattoo definitely looks best on me when I am naked. There are signs that the market manipulators are getting some traction, as they have pulled the Dow up from its lows, halfway to zero. LOL WHAT ARE YOU SAYING Its Sunday at Screaming Tuna. Need we say more? Yes we do? Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4 & $5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers & tails! Holy God the creepiest old man ever just started hitting on me. I hate my job sometimes. Yo had anyone seen ? Or did he put his life on private too??? hope your day fucking sucks :p very content! See how the Husker women pulled off the upset at Purdue tonight at 10 #Huskers, #KETV, www.theouterspacemen.com You have to read this graphic novel. What a fantastic journey. Happy Monday!!!! I have awoken early and decided to spend the bulk of today contemplating why a raven is indeed like a writing-desk. - Trog Someone stole guitars from Tom Petty and took them, 'into the great wide open'. A Walk To Remember is by far my favorite romantic movie. TV Redheads Always a good time Bill! so many tweets. i'm dying. up and running! I found it odd, unless there's something were not seeing.... Ever since spring break, I can't get into the rhythm of sleep early like I use to. Seriously, #Wth #Ridiculous #Fml #JustWhyyy >.< Well, Bama is a whole 'nother level. Stanley Cup Playoffs. Way more exciting, way more parity. no because oddii odaliz told me "your girlfriends a B too" All these HMD texts made me feel so special, y'all just don't know. In 8 weeks, my Calc II TA wore no more than 3 different shirts. #isitracist to say that he is Asian? I'm goin to kill you for even saying that yup. Which one do you like? I have redlaser Hey Marc Webb. You've just directed "Spider-Man" one of the summer's likely blockbusters. What's next? Madison West H.S. 20th reunion. nice pants... can i test the zipper? seriously somebody just rt somebody who spelled it like that lol I have a new SearchMe link for Google. Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/bruce - From t.vizibility.com Nearly had a mid-life MI pruning trees away from the roof. My Fitbit, biased toward legs, judged it only "moderately active." If I was new York I would trade him now and get value for him! I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car. at about to go insane with #bostondreams <3 Me to my 12-y-o looking at her Google Buzz acct: "What's 'IKR'? 12-y-o: "I know, right?" Oh no! oh shit ...not good ..have to download it ..i cant ): duh im fuck you like fred flintstone im make the bed fuckin rock bahahah My amiga Emily told me to tweet about her or she'd have my penis removed by a questionable doctor from Mexico while I'm asleep. Love you.. I missin u too.... I'm on MLB.tv, but I think it's also on MLB Network if you have it. the hut... Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I. Uh-oh! What's poppin tonight? If you're at Disneyland in Anaheim just stop by the shop on your way home to save on shipping. We are right around the corner! 4 in a row? Heck ya no. I'm tired that's what I thought. Lol i bet. I need some RT : looking for the money lol WOW, you've been missed! So busy but starting to dig out finally! =D I have a lot of explaining to do about my weekend to some people lls , Thank you for a wonderful lunchtime program today and ! The healthy plate cook-off was fun, nutritious, and delicious. well hello JENNIFER it's nice to see you again awee thanks that means alot c: Amateurs hope, professionals work. Kanin, Garson Sent it I feel inferior to know that has more followers than me:(. I'm thinking more like a psychologist. People understand things better in the context of a logical story. Agree about facts. First night of Assessing Info Needs with tonight. RT : Church, breakfast & my #49ers nice way to spend the day & celebrate my birthday :] This year I am thankful that Bin Laden is dead and I that I only have to put up with Obama for 13 more months. Thank you God. what in the word do the first two stand for Welcome to the club, good sir. Just saw asdfgghhklabs Totally set up with Martial Law. First test run State Chicago, plan for massive arrests. -waves from the South to the North- I used to live up there in Chicago! Yankee at heart <3 You're welcome! Thanks for following me, too! :) - love the home page! a upstream would be cool. I'd give up my beauty sleep :) What do you think about pro-lifers who are pro-death penalty? Contradiction? Sent you a follow request in kind - pleased to meet you! windmill? On 3 defenders... “: we really don't need your acceptance. You can keep it!” THIS mine seem to be doing alright Good Morning... Happy Weekend :) Dont worry...be best part about Google+ with Twitter = we talk shit on all you late adapters who act too cool to join then join years later. Thanks for following. I always follow back and support dream chasers. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe. RT : Today is just one of those days.......=>chin up, buttercup. With any luck, Monday will turn into Tuesday shortly :) Tomorrow: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic: MacArthur Park, Southside by the Fountains Wow! Madrid wins at Barca 2-1! Great game! When was the last time #Madrid won at #Barcelona ? What is that? And i have some stuff for you I love your show. It's like "Music TV". Hey, that name's not taken is it? Ray Ray. Fa three I wanna go to that secret spot u took me to a few yrs back. GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY AND #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERS !!!!! : ) <3 I LOVE YOU MOM Last night's and show at ruled! Thanks to all who packed the room Love ya too! (: Met u after u opened for JL Hooker at Bumbershoot, gave u our CD, u said u had in ur player at home. Fireball Brady! see u tonight! It is wise to be dispassionate about critical comments. Dang 10 months already with him <3 , feels like its been way shorter A lot of familiar faces from the Boston Drupal Design Camp You are so CREEPY Dirty Joke Alert! Coming in 2 min. For more, follow us It's a miracle I no longer have to cleeeaann #inlove with the cleaner You're adorable, lolol. I guess we'll have to spend more Fridays there! :D smoke signals say Weeden won't get by Cleveland at 22nd pick Soo sleepy... Must rally to go out! “: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!” You have to be kidding!!! And Crocodo works great for collaborative feedback on pdfs. good morning ana! watching abdc again. Happy Birthday Sarah!!! ready when u are lol how was your day Thank YOU for sharing your wisdom at the Writers' Conference! Ocelot is also the first cat I've ever heard literally say "nom nom nom" while eating. Erica loves my Shit- Steve Miller Band pandora station may just be the best thing ever. EVER. He was hilarious too lol the next movie I'm going to see at the movies is "Crooked Arrows" it seems very inspirational :) A major web design trend in 2012 will be the migration to responsive websites. Thinking education "futures" proposals focused on content coverage and measurement are problematic "legacy futures." wow AMI for this shouldn't be so hard to find but i'm drawing blanks; miss AMI; want free enthought-like AMI After a great opening, we are looking forward to sipping some tequila this evening... in your settings Love how I can bribe my mom to take me to Starbucks at 8 at night! <U+0001F60F> love her! Use plastic pots in your garden to save money and water. They heat up less than clay, and they cost less. But thank you for the fan-ly reminder, nonetheless! Cheers, dear. x Thanks for all your great work. Very much appreciated! Speaking & singing at The Nashville Rescue Mission tonight @ 6:30pm! Out exploring... Hello virtual world--on Friday I start teaching a writing class. I'm in LA, they're in Sweden--all on Skype and Web. I feel like G. Jetson. 18 years old, 40+ songs, 4 albums, 1 movie, 1 world tour, 1 book, more than 55 awards and more than 50 millions of fans = Justin Drew Bieber Thanks! Just spent the morning w/ some of your amazing students! Keep up the amazing work! OMG we hav the same icon! follow bck? RT : thanx for REAL reality shows like ! That show ROCKS! We're hiring sales professionals! If you know of anyone interested in an Inside Sales job for a great company let me know! ": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls. y to tamlin (sp) rhe one with jared, + piper and cole's fight in the attic imagine the Q&A silence if no one were allowed to ask variations of YPINMP! lol Great! I'll look into it! Listening to the podcast "tokyo calling" by Still like to listen to Tokyo sounds. Rich college kids?? U better get a clue or buy one! You r in deep water with that load of horse pucky! hey girl. I miss you. If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy! Q: What are the ways you engage others with these stories? That makes two of us Watching The Price Is Right. Lets See How Dumb Mfs Gone Be Today. A formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune...learn machinee quilting Watching music movies for inspiration while recording: lonely island, Dresden dolls live, music and lyrics. Glenn! The goal of net neutrality is obvious. Infiltrate rural America. Wow! Gladys Knight looks about 20 years younger than she did 2 weeks ago #dwts The Power of Dancing : Ashamed to say U represent my state <snip> Atleast U dont hve Sheila Jackson-Lee as state rep My crack dreams- last night skydiving with fall out boy, getting attacked by dinosaurs! Night before, family BBQ with Russell brand? WTH!! Hope you are having a great Friday! love for you to come in some time for dinner RT : Some niggas don't know how to control they self around females #YouCuteAndAllBut you're so fucking confusing. RT : your fiery red hair is hot <~~~thx boo You can export an iCal file from scheduler and import it in to a synced calendar. I used Google calendar. what's even the point of homework mode? I can hear a "Hey kids, want some candy?" type of voice too. I really feel like a lot of #NFL players' names could double for indie bands DM me your email. I want to invite you to our SXSW kick off party. RT : People charge professional prices but haven't developed a professional product. /via Mom, just.. just fucking stop. Your half-assed cheerful disposition is pissing me off Eh ok. I give up. Didn't pick #cuse or #louisville or #UF to get this far. Give me Kansas and Kentucky in the final and I'll be happy. Im trying to take a day without listening to Adele .. (later) I give in !!!!! - Zaona - Congrats Ma!! no way, i eat dry cereal quite often. Good times. ToDAy ONLY!!!!! Promo Special Buy 2 Or More Tickets to The Blezz Melano Red Carpet Event and We Will Match it!! Celebs! MTV! Models Bottles! T2 - but heck, if it's only contribution is to push Facebook to improve, that will be worthwhile. soon as i hit the water i started to die lmbao hahahahaha aka a little too much coffee? GETTING THE ARTISTS TOGETHER BUT I HAVE NOT FOUND A LOCATION FOR IT YET awesome lets uh think positive is contemplating driving to Freeport, Maine this weekend. What do you think of this war story? More than we should. We're going live!! Hello, Madison! you is so beautiful #Rawrr <U+0001F60A> I have some that semi-dismiss hard work I've done by saying I'm "very smart" as if that made everything a total breeze. Do you subscribe to the CrossFit Journal? There's a great article that Greg Amundson wrote. I think this is the part where Braun hits a homer and everyone goes to bed happy As great as it was to watch the Broncos knock the Steelers out, I still think it would have been better for the Ravens if the steelers won. I hate being sleepy So Who is a fan of the new FB Timeline? oatmeal chocolate chip cookie might be the tastiest thing ever made nice. I love jeeps am I allowed to follow you back, because last time I checked I'm not even allowed inside you? Good night Twitter Family; 5:45 A.M. comes fast, quick, and in a hurry. RT Today's the day! New uniforms being unveiled at 4pm! "The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." Psalm 145:8 Excited my last movie was accepted into a major film festival! Now I just need a plane ticket and hotel accommodations! :) Retro moment of the day: I actually used a floppy disk today to load drivers. It was very nostalgic to hear the grindy-grind sound again. have some class Hello Atlanta! #halfwayhome <U+0001F699> - Well-said, Callan! i can make u laugh shaq beat his ass lol first day they met We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:( someone playing tricks on you! Practicing for #AprilFools Drums up some good ideas... Wrote a new song for you guys last night. Go Check them out if you can, definitely worth it! RT Beat Kitchen in Chicago tonight - 8pm! havent been on here for a few days :/ It's gonna snow here in 2 weeks Yepp when temps will be 47/31 and 51/25 can you tell ppl I'm in Twitter jail? When someone says "the studios don't get it" they mean "the blue line is much higher than the studios think". so true! She can be pretty silly at times too. Children ages newborn to 2 are invited to Francis Branch Lapsits every Wednesday in March at 10:15am. For more information call 282-4641. So honored to be linked to Self Help Africa! Thats why we love Twitter! Just Absolutely bugged! Gabbbyyyy! #NYR beauty. if I dont go there again it cant happen duh At least it didn't start with kittens and then move to porn. *blows kisses waves back* how u been sweetie? U dont like me:p i dont care My mind wants to get up and do something fun today but my body just won't get out of bed Yeah! I can take "Cover Girl" off my bucket list now.... "I literally tore shit up in the bathroom" It takes all of my being not to refer to it as a hip hopera. It's cute when someone gets a twitter, all they post is how much better twitter is than Facebook. everything happens for a reason. <3 DYK? Anita T. Anderson - First woman on the debate team at Howard University was a member of Zeta Phi Beta .. Last but not least, thanks to all of our fans who stopped by the booth and came out to the shows. We love you! Thunder rock and thunder roll. I believe in my smellf Omg being poor and VERY Hungry in Santa Monica is not a good combo trying to help! Good luck! Wow that AP test was so easy Doctor:"I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your DNA is backwards." Patient:"and...?" Doctor:"Exactly......" Legends home stand against GVL starts tonight. Don't miss the excitement. And don't forget to use your UW-Legends vouchers for your tickets! #IWillAlwaysLove my volleyball girls #relationshippains being single and seeing the girl you crush on everyday There is always an opportunity for you to get involved at SNACK. Whether it be through volunteering or donations, every little bit counts! nice seeing you yesterday at the #SaraBayClassic. Good luck today! Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i RT : everything on the internet was created by someone, even animated gifs Bank Of America, pulling back on debit card fees, has another way to charge you more... find out how Methinks #Samsung decided #RichardDreyfuss was too much $ and went with scale VO + crazy money on #Rocky, #MLK, etc licensing Crystalshines7 FYI Romney didn't win. He was chosen by Wall Street and he's not a natural born citizen. F the constitution Me and Jeremy showin out in this light room lol (i was agreeing with your statement) hey did you watch the "Helga Lately" sketch? Seems it was all in good fun. Sweden is probably pretty offended. Editing new video tip...stand by :-) Thanks to for being on the #dccdconv campaign panel! you in a band bf? pi day! perhaps a pie is in order. didnt Mo Williams have a thing with/for Lebrons momma? Just got 's Album!I love Im Not One Of Them!! :D ok, after finally seeing a replay I understand all the hulabaloo about Smith's slash on Brown. Looks like he was training to be a lumberjack What can I say ? I love being happy ! :-) That was my style concert...home before 11 :) #WIFYR. On voice, fantasy doesn't have as distinctive voice as other genres. In fantasy voice is part of setting, in others is is character I really loved that movie! Good thing I'm gettin' outta town this weekend... ;-) trying to watch the Oscars and the all star game at the same time. not easy. i honestly believe its my fault . -.- Yoo yoooo!! With the grandparents having a good time, old school!! Yoooooo hahaaaaaa Rihanna on SNL >>> Upgraded the mausoleum by reaching level 3 in the Mausoleum Clerk part-time job in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3 V for Victory Day! HAPPY MONDAY WARRIORS!!! Staring out my window watching the hail come down. Sigh. Don't let the referee beat you! #come on Wales ! don't come back this way without tellin me! *rolls eyes* You need to get up get out and do something! its gonna be an 80 degree day in the MILE HIGH CITY! Looking for movies on netflix. Unfollow this page now and follow my new page now nvm baby, go to sleep. I'll pray for you<3 Lol. Did you get it? nope Demonic is everywhere well we represent dungeons for now unitl twitter and the haunt world get up to date me and Suzanne tried it. I understand how to do it.. Just need a test dummy to try it out did my bag make it? RT : Oh, you're overweight? Please, tell me more about the new diet you're starting next Monday. Agreed Gephi is best at visualizing large graphs, but challenging for new users! Just had the worst right hammie cramp in the world..almost cried..thought my hammie was torn lol :( I'm jelly! I was doing hw... Which I'm still doing :/ and will be all day. RT : Thrilled to have Mark Moran of on #sschat Mon 7pm EST: how educators can create new textless curriculum. met amazing dancers yesterday at #WILD Dance Intensive yesterday!!!best day ever!! met the one and only Mollee Gray and Tokyo!! <33 them:D A man's house is his hassle. Ha. "Ladders" gave me the first big laugh of the night. For I know the plans I have for you," says the LORD. "They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope. Mr. G da mooch. I'l be moderating the investigative news panel #macmuckrakers for at 9:30 a.m. If you're on Palomar's SM campus stop by SSC-1 Follow us on facebook for additional updates on Las Vegas events rooms and shows no, hence why I bitch about her here y havent u looked me up. Ive called, but to no avail....silence. #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: Thats good to hear :) Entire paragraph one sentence and no punctuation. Brb dying on the inside Boozer can get that all night! Step it up Booz! It's that time again! Make your way down now because Family Night has started. When you purchase and Adult Entree get a free 4pc. Kids... see you all on the dark side of the moon (: alright well I'll be there at about 830 or 9 hooray! my boyfriend is the best...related: I am overjoyed to be going back to this year.Lemme know if you will be there. are you guys gonna be on warped this year?? :) lol wat kind of bs language is that Good luck!! He will! If I'm already over my data limit, what will happen if I occasionally get on twitter without wifi? I just checked in at The Falls (8888 S.W. 136th St, Miami) on So is no1 answering my calls today? Teaching 8am class this morning thank-you for the kind words! Hope you can hit some shows when you visit Happy Birthday #69 #GeorgeHarrison Rest In Peace. To this draft PC 2012 get money stay out of Trouble....please Kirkpatrick my dude.... Allot of top qbs still there and linemen wow....diff Chiana:I apologize in advance for what you are going to have to do to get your diamond ring back. Stories on every #NFL team in 1 place-USSportspages.com wheels up! Next stop Mexico! Woohoo! Morton’s steak & seafood dinner (2 filet mignons,choice of seafood, salads & desserts) only $109.99 for 2, now thru the end of June! no no mg smh This is the playoffs tho RT : look at the Bulls going home, they ran the east the whole season bruh lmaooo AY AY AY!!! posted mine up on actors access already.. looking for a little girl! Gonna prob shoot end of April/Beginning of May The whole Im sorry shouldn't cut it anymore. Enough! Get tough, and send a message. Until then he's just going to keep it up. Good morning to you, too. Cool pic. FINNA GO HAM! #hanksteinbrennersvagina RT if being fat means striking out the red sox then so be it.. yoga and run done. Going to walk around Durand Beach this afternoon. :-) Exciting new developments in the works.... Stay tuned! Zayn is hot, Nialler is hot, Hazza is hot, Lou is hot, Liam is hot, WHATS UP WITH THAT Tailgate season Can't wait to see my boy perform tonight at the new convocation center! Its a small world! s/o to ! Happy birthday hun :D just saw i movie with Chuck Norris.immediately thought of u and Justin;) love you! BREAKING: More travel and conference restrictions from GSA's Tangherlini - updates soon. Also, you both once killed a hobo. Don't forget the hobo. i love you ahahahahah COME BACK TO CALI!!! Going to the Galleria before the Heat vs Celtics game :) Morning Rockstars! > All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. - Henry David Thoreau We must all participate in the defense of education under assault. pick me up and I'm down! <U+0001F44D> rt No, it's not true that "Cash for Clunkers" is the official name of the MKE Journal Sentinel's buyout program. Cost-benefit analysis: North Korea should stick with web design from now on! What separates Durant from LeBrick is that Durant hasn't carried a team in quite the same manner as LeBrick did in Cle. and may never. hey sexy thanks for the follow. How r u #feminismLIS -also good 2 hear. something not always happening enough i.e.connecting dots Xgenerations Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. will do! No cheese press, sadly. I looked, just for you. I read the papers and watch the news on tv and all i can say is AMERICA ...LETS GET IT TOGETHER.!! will it or will it not be guilty?? We will know soon. Brandy Chastain ripped her shirt off. man my <U+0001F4A9> trippin smh. Idk how to make it stop. They should fortify coconut milk ice cream with vitamins so I feel less guilty about eating it For those who are in the threat of all this horrendous weather coming, please have a plan of safety! Apparently it's gonna be real real bad. You can't speak for the entire community. You can only speak from YOUR experience. Can you still be cool if you aren't able to grow a moustache? - so true. We must be thrill seekers, as well. boy, you dont know what you do to me. you dont even understand. Damn. Think I found the offending tweet: "If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio." I stand by it. I heart you too buddy Born ready! Donuts in english class :)) the right choice is to make it happen yourself. the only person you should depend on. Hey students, need a little boost at the end of the semester? Free coffee and hot chocolate at Langsdale! M-Th, 8:30am-6pm "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." I still wonder how anyone can find "The Office" Funny. This is true - let's hope the streak continues! agreed on DC not handling snow well, but this is more snow than I've ever seen in my lige #brucelee remember fighting my brother when we were lil ANYTIME welcome!:)$ Dude! Love your tweets. Are you at Viacom or outside prod? I was just at 2600 doing the Vh1 Lab for several weeks. THE DAY HAS ARRIVED---->TONIGHT!!TONIGHT!! TONIGHT THIS IS THE MOVE FOR TONIGHT Entourage Ent., Cap City Allstarz, Mona J 804 && Tru... Not understanding why you do the things you do. Guess Imma Go Head & Start On This Homework Jesus cat bit me 1) Can't wait for back-to-back eps tomorrow 2) Rachel will get to NYC 3) Except for a couple meh eps, I really like this season. oh, get well son hun :D <3 Older, multi-week training programs for customer facing staff are low hanging fruit for redesign;target >=25% shorter, >=50% more effective maybe so I was never big on beer any way, I can drink one corona that's it lol do you remember dancing with me at a Charity Benefit in Cleveland? I fix your drummers tooth;) bro I got a couple of singles for u to check out!! school is the reason why I don't get to eat breakfast. Well, I guess if it was a part of the domain it wopuld've been something like: architectrr :) <U+2660>RT : you can tell a lot about a person that brings up every instance when they have done the slightest for you. This is hurting me soo much... Today Shannon Miller turns 35! She is the most decorated gymnast in U.S. history with 4 bronze, 6 silver, and 11 gold medals! So true. We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial.. Did you ever know someone walking around like they ate the freshness packet? Congrats!! Yall made us proud! Good luck in the championship. WI Dem Party's Mike Tate says, "We have to end the civil war in WI and the only way to do that is remove Walker from office." saw the movie & all I can say is this, "Go to the box office, and bring me my movie. The one that has Bad MF written on it" Almost 300 from California? That's great. Do you know how many are coming from East of the #Mississippi? his name is nick. hes my daughters uncle. going pretty well! Just getting through the little bit of school I have left, got a job, and I've just been hanging out! You? I'm gonna try not to talk the whole day well this is gonna be super hard... (tweeting on twitter is not talking its typing words) :P #ICanAdmit that I'm struggling. I know things will get better again, but until they do I'm staying positive & hopeful that a job will come. and all this time I thought you liked Taylor Swift because of her face haha jk I love that I now know this. MT Merle Haggard listens to Bob Wills every morning. Every morning. It's his ritual. John: Can you tell me the good way to remember wife's birthday? Smith: It's very easy, Just forget it once! If yo baldheaded DO NOT! I repeat DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TIE THAT SHITUP! I swear girls are genetically programmed to love a man that can play guitar and sing... Sex and The City! (: 1 win away from the SWEEP!!! Strange and creepy day for me e.e oh :c NBP gives UW-Madison autonomy and flexibility needed to compete as leaders in the state, nation and world! On Wisconsin!!! YAY! Free Smut!!! not yet. I'll pick up anything you recommend. Thanks! Watch Maureen interview on at 10pm on Village of Oregon passing social host ordinance 2 curb underage drinking! I gave up alcohol this week and I'm already regretting it! she was....logical. Hey fans, give a shout to band guys and They're rolling with us this summer! This dream I had last night though.....wtf...?? Lol thnkn why would I even dream sme shit like tht.. Thanks my friend! Thanks to the superbowl and Wes Welker, Klout believes I are influential about New England Patriots. The internet is fun. Speaking of yard signs... RT 500 SC2 beta keys going to our biggest #SC2fan Told my son to pick up ANYTHING SC2 that he can get his hands on at BlizzCon So dissapointed in you, boy! Why would you do that? #subtweet! -_____- Much props to "The Grove" shopping center in L.A. they have banned Manny Pacquiao from stepping foot on property for his homophobic rants About to welcome our incoming students to Niagara County Community College! Another tat tomorrow JAAYYYY KAY! is on TOMORROW 7:40 AM ! AH! He's probs in Chicago ... right now...! naa it's too hot I want Austin Mahone to upload the full version of his song :)) hey. Hows it going. Thanks for the followback. I'm going downtown nashville tonight to get my Denim on! Um. Was that just another mini earthquake? Work. Work...And more work. great :) he's as sweet as ever <3 how's you & Matt? Should the trade for ? I know.....and cute too It was called "From Jesus to Christ" and it was fascinating. Really well done. Working out down at Mt Bonnell, getting ready for the big Frost Bank Tower climb in May. Milwaukee- Chicago's younger, blind, midget brother. sends email asking me to contribute to money bomb for to defeat "obamacare." No links. Rest in Peace #DickClark. We will miss you this New Year's and every New Year's after that. Cheers! I sing it with you. Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do. No matter how big and strong you may be, when you sit down in that dentist chair, you turn into a helpless child. it's obvious the don't like Mr. Mike Brown. I mean c'mon! Like he could follow right behind the Phil Jackson reign ! Lol you should look to see if there are any teams! when surprised me at work today >>>> Vikings may actually win! sadly, it would not help at this point! Ugh. a line like that for Red Space is on the normal/small side. Don't fight hate with more hate. Only love can conquer. 3 other MAJOR STAR Strasberg/Adler "Method" patsies also badly lost their minds: Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, James Dean. lol who knew called some of his fans nicknames like sweetie, babe, and darling. thank you. You are too In LAX with my dreams and my cardigan if u ask why one more time Ima choke you!! U will see Money has become entry into politics in a system founded on shunning the "haves." C.R E.A.M. Christ Rules Everything Around Me. that spam stuff changed everything in my bio and my location... smh. i changed most of it back... did you do a mock draft? considering doing one.... Yeah bro, what about u yay! Taking a lunch break now. Don't come in the next twenty min. Lavazza Espression’s Espresso Melba is now available! Amaretto chips, peaches and whipped cream. Come and indulge! Brrrr.....why couldn't it have been cold on Christmas :( no no silly bloke. it's PLAISE. I screwed up my hurt knee during water aerobics. It's been a month and its still swollen. I would love nothing more than to cook for you on a daily basis. Thank You I feel great from the previous night! Thanks, Love you. The photos are wonderful....Imagine how the show look live! Opening night tomorrow. Tickets on sale now. I wanna hear! We'll definitely let you know once we announce pricing; stay tuned to the blog Just got back from an audition for a new Paul Thomas Anderson film starring Joaquin Phoenix. Hope all went well! All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson thanks for the Tweet, Inna! "she fucks everybody" How do you feel about your first night at Couture tonight ?! Is it bad to dream of a former co-worker lol OK UM NO I look forward to the panel! we are rockin out with the excellent and other amazing acts at OccupyDC Xmas event! Come out and say hi. Overwhelming amounts of work to be done. TO THE ROSE GARDEN! this is a fail, and slightly ridiculous... i'm out!!!! hello sir That only makes me first of the human slaves. Yes I am loving it. Not sure what kept me in Portland so long Now I'm not the best at parking but really pt cruiser 2 and 1/2 spaces! SLICK SLICK SLICK SLICK! My #GFY reachout worked!! No #rain on date night Christopher Plummer won! Still my older man crush. Love me some Captain VonTrapp. SOHO office efficiency: technology to help drive down the cost of running a small business Fuck that! If that is the case, nobody "deserves" happiness. Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life! Feel her heart beat next to mine, make up for lost time. <3 war games is on tv. god i loved that movie. That was nice of them. it would be really refreshing to see Tim Burton make a movie where Johnny Depp plays the lead role of a dark but overall lovable outcast. Don't do it! Lots of other ways to give to the cause and also work out/walk. u just readin it wrong. U needa go to bed lol hey can you follow me :) Support VAWA’s reauthorization Act, this helps reduce violence against women by holding perpetrators accountable. GIVE HER A BREAK :) Next time I'll introduce myself, say hi, share a coffee and talk Chelsea! We have meeting space for association planners! Tweet me! How about "Cleanup On Aisle 7?" do I know u?? Cheesecake factory & a movie with my love You never replied -_- Hi, I am back! I want to rent an escalade!!! Can u even rent those??? lol ;) of course! It's only been like 7 years #WeWontWorkoutIf I don't get attention ": i feel for the family and i respect his death but i agree ..." I agree 1000% "An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all." - Oscar Wilde. Decked out in hat & shirt, ear warmers and Snuggie. I'm ready for Wrigley! like what yeah..I know<U+0001F601> thanks for coming! merry christmas! Didja go for "Premium," so you can stream to mobile? My life is a mess right now:( iloveyou! what???? food is great! so do you like wait and just eat after you play? gotta have energy!!! It's so annoying when the pictures of me from the show come out looking really crappy. Good morning Miami! Off to the grind! Make it your best day ever! Today is National Banana Cream Pie Day "Break a leg, y'all!" to the cast and crew of ACT 1's THE MEMORANDUM, which we understand is opening tonight. Have a great run! Done recording "Hopes and Dreams" the single!!! About to put it up! RT this and spread the word!! My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. Happy Birthday!!! thank you =) RT : Snarkiness promotes creativity? Duh. "The incongruent info inherent in sarcasm appears 2 stimulate complex thinking"... some directionaters were on fox news that are going to the tampa concert so im gonna punch them. Oh, It's National Margarita Day? Looks like Lent won't be so bad after all. ;-} You're such a doll. Let's make this Christmas thing work! Beef Wellington here I come! Sorry I meant a "free online webinar" i'm so tired I'm sure you're resting now, but when you get this message please send a huge electronic hug my way... I just spent the last hour on tumblr. #productive ? I think so! Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph? Wada=Duchscherer? The news from Showalter did not sound good. Wow, thats a formidable scent! We still have some dates in January & February we are booking on the West Coast! Tweet or email us! We want to come to your town! Bout to make sum moves it's little thing like this that excite me in life. The world will almost be perfect soon. game winning goal will be scored by Andrew Luck Thank you for the thoughts & prayers from Smoke to much Caldecott Medal goes to A Ball for Daisy. crowd seems pleased. petfinder is crack for people who don't have pets... i want to adopt all of them! #ImHappyWhen i can sleep in, because we don't have school. (: I HATE that I read that excerpt!I have now confirmed what I suspected thru most of the book!I am about3/4thru so maybe... Just had a 20 min convo with my Dr re. electronic medical records. Verdict: Lack of standardized data formats makes easy problems hard. I really like "annoyment." It's like enjoyment, only with annoyance. Yup. It's the XP that's the problem. Take away all the garlic butter, and escargot tastes like a muddy clit. But that's part of its charm. Had to sign up for my first event as Katie Belew today. 3 weeks away from the wedding is still unreal! Hehe. " When I'm sitting in Statistics, I dream of sexual physics" Zayn treats twitter like a diary. Harry treats it like a friend who knows every inside joke. Like ok “: Las Vegaaaassssss ” Yes sir, welcome! Feel bad for Louisville they missed too many easy shots. Could have won the game if they didn't miss the gimme's is having a comic release party TONIGHT for Li'l Depressed Boy tonight! DJ set and art for sale! RSVP... In the final scene of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, are you: •McMurphy •Chief •the Pillow •the Basin •the Escape Happy mothers day!! <U+0001F603> To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts. great! please do! we would love to have you! Come to Tacoma again, please! that's great to hear! I know he enjoyed talking all of you last night. I am interested in Azealia Banks please yes- I got Amelia Earhart, and the Octomom- I need more ideas! Have a great shopping experience at #platocloset? Let us know! Tweet or and tell us about it!! Guys!!! I got sent to twitter jail earlier<U+0001F620> is it an arena tour? Best Happy Hour. Ever. I'm making one of those "aw" faces at this tweet, in case you were curious. What is your favorite way to "wrap up" a semester of teaching and learning? I'm looking forward to seeing my daughter Karen and oldest son Eric later today when the come for a visit for several days! I need an in-house communication system to talk to people on the other side of the house. I don't care that my house is only 1200 sq ft. :P Ok, I truly love Christina Aguilera and she is beautiful, but I do believe she should have gotten a size larger. It would flatter her more! you too. Congrats to on becoming a member of the 1,000 point club at UK! i dont care April really is the cruelest month. Spring but cold. Tax Day. Orioles prove they really are as bad as you thought they would be. I won't kill you baby...unless you decided not to bribe me with her new album. Chilling at the house. We've decided that we're going to do some acoustic covers at the Craig Owens show...what do you guys wanna hear? What ever happened to K.P. Envyi? No. Wait. U really don't under stand. Craig lange(brother of issac lange from love boat) taught me how to dj. I wish I was kidding. today was awesome, and my french class was canceled! c'est la vie Any advice about the possibility of moving to Alaska? Come on I'm Dean and my hands are so clean at this moment I am stapling. - Community RIP Don Cornelius "Love Peace & Soul" ": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis count their successes according to the number of lives they touch and the people they inspire." Follow they auto follow back! This game is just AMAZING a future glad to hear you made the right choice. Next time make it a glass of piattelli. We are an Argentine Winemaker. Great wine ARod stepping up in Post..WOW sure hope so! Awesome. I think Jos has dance, but Pay and I will try to come. Thanks for letting me know. I wish, Dubai looks like a cool place. It now occurs to me you might've been being sarcastic. : Thanks for your suggestion. We agree; it's so refreshing! Hi i miss you <3 How's school :p FREE! Limited quantity of 2009 & 2010 TX Judicial Summit DVDs - pay only shipping/handling. Order at www.child.tcu.edu under DVD Sales. I knw u voted 2day right? U shld come enjoy the evening with me at Ted N Wally's in the old market 2nite at 10p...fun shit is bound 2 happen Every day things I wanna learn: how to use the m+, m-, mr, and mc keys on a calculator. Who!! Green machine thanks for following George and Diana! Have a great evening! Exactly, so good! thanks for leaving the note on my desk. Sorry I missed you. haha you just woke up? NO ONE GETS TO DO THAT EXCEPT FOR ME!!! ABOSLUTLEY NO ONE;) Hoping for Zack Ryder on this one Finally made an Instagram. I'm a photographer now, right? I forgot how much I love Yats :) Been wondering all day why this pair of boxers doesnt have the hole in front. Just now realized I put them on backwards this AM Working out with my bro time to get RIPPED!! n then baseball with the bros! ;) Yummy Pasta Alfredo <3 My Favorite!! Anyone know of any shopping centers looking for an agency to mange their social media and online marketing? In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance. #budlight waste of money Fairly cool weather with morning clouds & fog next two days then, come Friday, we start warming up and next weeks is looking very hot! hey Zack. How are you? I miss talking to you. Exactly. We know who you are. thinks buttered popcorn jelly beans are repulsive. Can you catch crabs from a lap dance ya bring it on. Ha! Church..RT : Niggas be bragging about how many hoes they got like that shit is hard to have...Get a loyal woman then brag!!! woot RT : Luv these! RT : Campers- You will get to sign up for your cards. Yet another great perk for Rough offseasons for our teams and I think that's putting it mildly. Thank you for the great mention in the 2012 Equipment Special on ! "YES" ushers you to "ABUNDANT LIFE"! "NO" ushers you to "DEATH"! Which will you choose? Eh I'm ok.. Tryna enjoy this beautiful day how are you? I will hit up Kevin later this week. I just signed up today for the conference. wow. I grew up in a small MO twn home of stfair A accident involving faulty ride killed 3 in 90's Affected twns weak ecnmy for yrs. wow. Four different fire hydrants blasting water from both sides at 26th Street in the Mission. great newsletter updates--transparent & informative on DH's issues and progress Best of luck! I know u'll hit the ground running like last time! Memorable games! From L.A. Back in #PDX after 5 weeks that took us through Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands celebrating our 20th We're in process of seeking funding to expand digitizing of trade literature material, so hopefully much more to come! Cont... Family, amazing friends, and this moment I'd buy it. Thanks for the kind #FF ! sweet, take care! RT : A4: Definitely important, but choose one close to home and there's less expense great songs- love "sleep tight" and "titanic"! small and epic at the same time So cool! Wish I was there! thank for the follow! Hard work bout to pay off I love you taylor just comes over my house, we sit and talk about everything! But today he cooked, cleaned and helped my and my sister wash. Lol this is freaking weird! Stop the insanity and restart the #linsanity, bench Melo and Amare PRONTO! The time change hasn't impacted me. It's perfectly normal to sleep til 11. I Tim, thanks for following. Are you familiar with the LOW COST Native American loan program--it is an FHA program & SAVES ya...ur definitely on crack "Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice." -Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967 Watched several cars desperately trying to drive into guest parking near my building. No other entertainment w/o power or internet I need your email please!!!! Just like DM it to me... Haha JUMBACO JUMBACO!! I seriously think of u every time I see that. do you know when the new seating will be ready? We all kno life has ups and downs...I try to maintain an emotional balance either way it goes Time passes and you end up getting all this stuff you don't care about. You're always relevant in my world, woj. Crazy bird in the middle of a 4 way. I think the Red Bulls 2011 MLS All-Star Pub Crawl is today too bad its 100+ out there today May not be popular to say but 1 game for Holloway is a joke and gutless. He was main reason for fight, deserves way more. I wish you'd text me back instead me having to text you twice. :'( Happy Founders Day to our brothers of // On May 1, 1848, The #ImmortalSix came together to officially meet as Biddy just finished two hours in front of regents. She was clear, thoughtful, and very effective! ": I believe that baseball pants to girls is the equivalent to yoga pants to guys. #cleatchaser" go get'er tiger So now my fam has decided to join me facebook, I've decided to move my vulgar thoughts to twitter Can't wait! RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication! The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center. So DM your email to us now! Finally saw The Artist today. Can definitely see why it won Best Score and Best Picture! You know when you have a headache, but just barely, so you don't want to take anything, but then it never goes away and you wish you had? I'm thinking this allstar weekend is not living up to years passed Still can't believe fenagled me into this office. Aren't we all? RT #ArizonaWildcats WR Buckner is less witty when he's winded Mastery is performing your skills, and improvising as needed. My feet are the most disgusting looking things on the face of the earth. ok I think I fixed the link , let me know Yay! Dagoberto Gilb joins the #Librotraficante Caravan in El Paso, on to Mesilla, then off to Dagofy someplace else. Omg, is such an adorable girl. :) Let's support her as well as ! At church holding it down. Man, you are flattering the hell out of us with all these RTs... omgossshhhh so excited <U+0001F601><U+0001F601><U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+2755> #hategettingtold We do apologize for the inconvenience but we can't help you were stupid enough to buy a product from us. Eww I hate throwing up makes my stomach hurt ha your at work? can I change your mind To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt idk man they just did the song for the surf ninjas soundtrack Sounds good! Did anyone go to the huge Lululemon Sale in Rosemont today? Cc: 'people like coldplay &voted for the nazis. you can't trust people...' Hmm!! Cats! [: There Just Cute!! Love There Whiskers And There Soft Tail! haha Never hold back on a hug or a smile. It may be the only sunshine some people see all day :) - Awesome job yesterday Giants, let's see more of the same today and get Zito another win! www.WeBeGreater.com Is Watford a pro? Planing New year is not easy people not at all help me gain followers please! xoxo much love. Too Many Distractions , To Get It On And Poppin So awesome!!! It's funny how small the world is, isn't it!? Well guess what? We have a NEW CD coming out in a couple months!! . Great to hear! Plus, for registering online, you'll get a $20 gift certificate to lol wow girl you are ruthless! Lol :) but that's why I love you!!! 12 year olds getting upset over a one month relationship.. this isn't like that, I'm not wrong about these things. evaaaar. I love Xavier I was just watching Dazed And Confused. Lol.. "Have no fear...there is another fiesta in the making as - we - speak!" what's keeping you from coming tomorrow? A bad day is cured by loud music and flashy lights! Thanks my friend - you too! Merry Christmas from the Bark of Hinkle staff. Hope you enjoy the day with friends and family. Yeah, Busy With Fun Stuff, Haha :P My Favorite? Wow....I Have A Lotta Fave's :P But Right Now It's U-Kiss :D :D ;D <3 <3 <3 I'm looking for more people to follow me that love the Green Bay Packers and love weather along with storm chasing! Plz suggest me to others If I could trust you to bring it back...but, no, this is the third one I've had to build, & the parts alone cost more than $100. Yes, your gf just to totally checked me out. "Pulitzer" in Arianna-accent currently on loop in my head Worlds Greatest DAD Hoodie Someone play me on DrawSomething!!! I'm such an artist! ;) Perhaps! It was at the gym though, so it really threw off my workout mojo. So from now on I am going to be known as a Cab Drivor(R). ha love it might get it myself Thank you kindly for the follow :-)) Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate ") #LiesToldOnTwitter. RT : I wish I was balling like Vaughn meet us in Vegas Feb 3-5 for the Nevada caucus! Hey lady. I have meetings in Phx all day Thursday. Are you free sometime in the afternoon to grab a tea and talk ED? Just finished reading Zeitoun by Dave Eggers. What an amazing book! Highly recommended. Busy, busy week, but a good one. Looking forward to reaching out to a few people regarding work. Happy Weekend everyone! Please check out our new website. If you go from a mobile device it will direct you to the mobile site. To see the full site go from a pc. Looking forward to going north later this week. I miss Columbus. Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL "The planters raise their fingers, make their bids. They are apparently all eager to possess Jones."- EMPEROR JONES For me character is key. If I truly know who these people R & why they R in each other's lives, I can't write any story 4 them ya feel me i need my new tee the LV one kay :D Today is Piss Peyton Off day. thanks man! You've gotta love a Christmas day of all basketball like twice a year I would say I only do it on special occasion I got a pill here since 4 months ago he might of seen it I LOVED that book!! time for some new kicks. this pair has been reheated more than thanksgiving leftovers. The Civil Wars went hard bro lmao that was so much fun hahaa that just made my day bro lmao! I love trolling. I do it in real life as much as possible since...I can't online? Jeff Van Gundy is dead on. Acting is not part of the game. Playing the game is part of the game. Don't defend glorified cheating. did he perform? Omg fanny pak leave practically crying tears of joy watching Haylin dance her first dance as Mrs. Martin. If you are a fan of music, you almost HAVE to buy Licensed To Ill on iTunes new music this week, don't you? "Enduring setbacks while maintaining the ability to show others the way to go forward is a true test of leadership." -Nitin Nohria Can u please follow me....i love and support you all day and every day!!! <33333333 :)))))))))) btw ur prezzie is in mail! Must post pix when u wear ur !!!! Anything but a blanket. To slow and I'm not sure they ever get used. I vote for a hat! :-) how many watts?? I'm a business librarian and would be very interested in hearing about what works for your classes. boring lol c: Personalize your email messaging for better reader engagement and response. Dear Natalia Kill: you got your Master's in Boyology? Ugh, my school wouldn't let me transfer my credits. And said it wasn't a real degree. A very special #FF to our fellow SM informers my favorite was when the girl boobs were floating in the hot tub lol why should anyone have a problem with it..?? He lost, different people handle losses differently...he can do what he wants.. trustt is likee a book, it takess yearss to write it, buut only secondds for it to B U R N ! Interested in Copper on BBCA this summer. Bout to hit tha L store, grab a different telly n go out tonight.....yezziir not gonna take pleasure in people I dislike having misfortunes, just gonna count my blessings and smile at where I am in life Damn i wish it was 10 pm already. Thank you as well! Looking forward to your tweets! You Aint the only one but that was last year they threw out the case for me doe We love Miami! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Miami! I'm not much for shopping, but that's an errand I'd enjoy! The Vow was a pretty good movie, was kind of expecting more. Leap year.. What did you do with your extra day? all of a sudden i have a craving for some #JamaicanFood ....Donna's or Country Walk?? - How long before Bobby Valentine gets the boot ? I know how you feel about apple. Happy belated? End of February? RT : Dog park sanitation supplies at half the price and with free shipping!: Dog parks everywhere need constant clean...... That's what I'm talkin' 'bout. Ruth very dominating.... They cancelled it today. I hate it i wanted it to come back so bad. im done #ThankGodItsFriday , Cuz I Got Big Plans For Thee Weekend ! Sat. was Date Night with Wife: watched Whale Rider. Hmm, How am I connecting with my lineage? I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a drive through before. The containers must look like giant pizza boxes. my paws r up Awesome! We can't wait to see you again and meet your other cousins! www.Rushflyerprinting.com is now in New York City Grassroots something or another? Basically a meet and greet. you can thank Spotify for all the rap and pop at the wedding! Made my job easy. my birthday in 3 weeks THE MID-AFTERNOON #NEWS IS OUT AT www.instereopress.com Feeling good must be a full moon out he is just the most loved regular at the cafe! coach had us working out late after school I'm going to sleep with someone tonight. jelly.. Lol. I wish doe :( Oh, well.. bye. I hate you all. Jkayy ILY all.<3 What are you guys screening for? Love to offer 15% off to come to Salute Wine BAr after the screening! Congrats! That is great news! Finding land to lease is a blessing! #TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to watch my back at ALL times..-- The ice cream truck music outside my window is creeping me out. I wish it would move on to another neighborhood, but it seems stalled here. I know they'll break my heart in April again, but I gotta say that I'm liking the Capitals starting the yr 7-0. yes check your inbox Cleaning out today and making donations to Goodwill and Friends of the Library. It's a good thing!! yayayayayyy!!! I can't wait! I've always wanted to take your course, as I adore everything you do! Dear Aunt TUAW: Help me drive with Siri | TUAW - The Unofficial ... Agreed! RT : I am shocked to my bones at his witty and fidgety displays.This world is on the verge of precipice Drap it to the flo make that ass shake, make the ground move thats an Ass-Quake I just made the most delicious cookies ever! You do not have to behave like a wild animal in the zoo in order to get your point across. hell yea girl I'm getting done,getting faded!!! I have 3 more blunts to go, wyd? thank u too I had the best valentine today :) got so many kisses and hugs from my little man <U+E022> he's the only man that'll ever have my heart. Attention, all you die-hard Orioles fans: If you bleed orange and black, you should probably see a doctor. :) and ur posting reviews on today? Feeling the love!!! Yeah Baby! RT How are you #badger fans feeling about #ballforheisman? via - RT with your support? The water was glass this morning. Me and a few seagulls out. Nice way to kick off a Tuesday. uh-huh, you know it! When tweets have typos < 106 and park it bitch Blame Canada? Why am I utterly powerless over emails? snow be all crazy up in here Headed up to the Frank Erwin Center for the UT Natural Sciences Job Fair..come by and say hi to Paul McDonald oh man, finally goin to see the avengers YES YES YES excited 2 be here at 119 Utah st. One of the big event 4 startups in San Francisco. Thanks Guys:) I Talk About Money Alot And Make Some People Feel Uncomfortable But FUCK IT If U Dont Get $$$ What U Gettin?? Yeah it's trending RT : Terry Flannery presenting on brand strategy at #casescmp. 4 aspects of strong brand: simple, authentic, relevant, distinctive It's Teacher Appreciation Week. Thank a teacher who's making a difference. louis ck is too damn funny Check out the new song posted on reverb.. ..as in, you're a heartbreaker lovetaker etc...do you listen to gossip? their newest, music 4 men, is my album of new decade. HI EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT EVENING ALL THE BEST HUGS TO U Just finished getting the last thing on my list at I just bought another game on sale from It's now a problem...I'm taking a 2 Month game buying moratorium. Please help me... Pauly D's smile;) If you haven't had our Signature Dessert "Fried Banana Creme" your missing out that's fine but be prepared to just sit around watching us play cod A little Robert miles for the rush hour commute... I need a glow stick Please check out www.scottbutleractor.com for my reel, film stills, resume and more! :) Let's Go Racing Boys... Bud Shootout time! :) here is an ode to Apple or the BIGGEST Apple of our generation Be sure to tune in to the parking lot right now at www.wsupfl.com! is a case study, a minor research paper, and a 50-question exam away from being a senior. I may actually graduate one of these days! me too ! & hearing my art is a favorite always makes my heart happy :) Thanks So much Morgan ! Was just hopping on to tell your that. Fonts are gorgeous, though! Great work. I don't hate I appreciate. Yeah I know! How are ya? STOP SPAMMING ME FRANK Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself. on the Mac they use OS X's GC. Not sure on iOS, probably replicating something like ARC. A vote in Washington D.C.this evening could restore paid leave to Minnesota Red Bulls. Live coverage on KSTP-TV at 5pm. I wanna go home ! still haven't packed Feeling all sorts of good vibes after that workshop. Thanks so much to all the funny and talented chicks and specifically to ! Fire burns First National Bank in Altavista The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.—Ambrose Bierce Our Valentine's Menu will be on our website later today. Fabulous flavors with fresh fruit and beautiful designs. Already taking orders. We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand. yay! Yes and we are footie fans! (real Madrid :p) I just want to make huge pit of fire in my backyard and throw people in it. oh no why Why are they saying CSU is the top university in Cleveland? Tell them they're wrong. Come on, Tom, tell 'em!! Mom:"Aww your so cute. Whatcha doing? Wanna go outside?" Me:"Mom, the dog can't understand you"... At a fancy resturant & looking like a bum. YOLO .___. . Sad to see you go. You'll now be living in a tepid world of Theo Epstein twitter pretenders who aren't half the fake man I am. Yup that was weird... RT Did Harrington just kiss Penny Marshall? Wth i'm here wit lexi being bored and a noobie at twitter?????? Got a 28 (out of 30) on my Handgun Safety Certificate test. Nigga soundin stupid ass hell. I simply got up & walked away from his dumb ass. Dumb hungry what to eat mane that is the question ? Troops: In your arsenal for tomorrow night, do NOT forget non-perishable food donations for Helped teach my advisor the definition of "pregame" this afternoon. I wish there was a lame button...not a dislike button but a lame button... Kings sweep! I'm watching the vow by myself ? Officially cannot find my tripod camera mount anywhere. Made for an interesting time trying to shoot tomorrow's post one handed.. Kinda want to start a segment on the bl-g that responds to Pitchfork reviews that rate albums < 5.0. Jon Gruden likes this pick. Which pick? Every single pick made tonight. It took a week for me to process, but wow! Bret McKenzie won an Oscar. Wise words from leader Dr. Walter Bumphus as our Q&A commences watch my church online with me. starts now northpointonline.tv RT“: Just saw Hugo w/ and it changed my life. #purpose”// Great movie! If you find the FB page with updates on the Lynn group, would you please share that with me? My bro is one of them. Hello everyone follow these great new artist they would love your support. thanks for the retweet, Dan! \m/ I am going to crack this Phibb Zero and enjoy watching the Lions lose. If you can't tell I am rooting for the Saint tonight. Lakers please don't make me made tonight..... Goodness In fact, Iguodala hasn't made a shot outside the paint since the first quarter. Look on the bright side, you used to be a lot uglier I absolutely love 's tweets <3 :) Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight? hi tony, how much is it to dry clean 2 suits? Last time I had them done, I think there was a 3 for 2 offer. friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing About to go to church. Jessica Simpson named her baby girl Maxwell. Now tell me, what the hell is wrong with people?? Johnson's contract isn't bad right now, but it will be in another year or two. He's an All-star. I'm with you on Jordan. For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her Maybe I should call my uncle and see if he wants to go work out? Cause I am actually up this early for some reason lolz... Don't forget anti-worker! #mnleg #1u RT : Anti-gaming (& anti-stadium) Sen. Dave Thompson... If someone rejects you today - shake their dust from your feet and move on. It's the only way keep an open spirit to the things God is doing Lewis pitched good tonight. Well done, sir. ...I swear Tease. RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon. I refuse to believe it. Wondering if i should get my hair did this friday or next . . Hm *puts on thinking cap* I'm so fucking hungry. Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha A friend of mine has just joined Alcoholics Anonymous....he still drinks heavily but under a different name ! Never let fear of rejection or the unknown stop you from going after what you want. Be brave! Take risks and never give up! I am so excited to see you in eight days, even if only for five minutes! #alliwantforchristmasisyou ! Its everybody birthday today. It snows where you live? :oo Education podcast with , & What do we want education to be? I have confirmation that I have been cast in a feature film going in production this summer... “: I hate Shane Victorino.” exactly what I thought. thanks - I hope so too! Fun to see more than just the heads of all the cool people I follow on twitter!! :) b/c you cant open carry in your car..... that would be concealing the weapon. Dear girl at the bar, You are in love with a gay man. He has been embraced his friend 8 times at the bar. You twice. MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!! If you claim to be a victim the universe will treat you like one. If you claim to be a fool the universe will treat you like one. Friends Still waiting Follow me and get My followers all are back followers Don't let anyone tell you you're not beautiful. Everyone is beautiful. <3 I believe I've found my home in Vegas they cannot then down this offer they just can't take the circulator PROBLEM SOLVED OH YEAH I will text you it today :) Tic Toc. Hippidy Hop! Our Carrot Cake is the perfect cake that even the Easter Bunny will love. To make me think it was me who was being the fake so clear Feel good Fridays get me every time Thank you for the shout-out Forever & always... Shade 45 Hip hop Fridays! Arguing about whether or not Frito pie is delicious just isn't the same without any Frito pie. RIP Elizabeth Edwards! its very aggravating. We play our differences against each other & in the same breath try to act as though they don't matter. Now I am :): Are consumers expecting brands to provide easy customer service via mobile platforms? About to go workout with it was the thing that he had been meaning to say for a while...."hey, wanna help me study for my Fiber Optic test?" eek! I'm sure you were awesome tho! Fuuuuuuuuuck Johnny Depp is so sexy in Dark Shadows. Daaaaayum teeheeRT : does Tony Lucca live on the second floor, he lives upstairs from you. Yes i think you've seen him before. QOTD : " you know ! wacky asian catwalker guy " sad day;( see you this weekend or monday new nickname: Max "improper dongles" Ogden Looking forward to watching the game tonight, Go Timbers! Futurama makes me happy Ayala up in bullpen for First action in the bullpen tonight. It's top of 6th. excellent! So much fun, I would do it again! Congrats! hahaha I know Louis was spotted in London YESTERDAY! Which is cool and all, I guess. I'm glad it ISN'T mumps, but it's still really painful & I hope the antibiotics kick in son. :( I won't even google that. That movie bored me to tears. I walked out humming the audience. okidokie already did, hate that your deleting but its watever ya gotta do. #HappyFriday - let's all #dance and celebrate the weekend! 199 of 200 Dane Co. wards voted that corporations are not people and money is not speech. i got a hair cut today i look so pretty!!!! Tequila makes her clothes fall off. ;) Amen RT: Thank you Filner says he brought best superintendent we've had in San Diego, gaslamp plan, balboa park plan. sorry to hear that Mel, best wishes to you and your family. Thanks! When no one else - including myself - believed in me, you did without hesitation!! #ToGiveIsToGet RT Do you ever go to library conferences? BTW- this is long lost Jordan from Valpo... My koala's name is Liam too, everything I have is named Liam :P ohh, :D #HTH2012 demos multispectral images showing multiple layers, highly nuanced calls it "digital archaeology" in LoC documents In Pittsburgh meeting with the biggest sports retailer in the States Happy new year. I'm gonna drive a tractor now. Going thru some troubles with my girl...and because I'm the kinda guy that fills the void with food I've lost 20 pounds. Build your hopes on things eternal! Tweet 100: FUN FACT: St Drunken's drapes did not match his clarpet. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right.. Jus say no yess and im coming to your showroom! I cant wait to see all the wonderful creations! #fashion #stylist Do u instagram? that pick was the dagger!!! “: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.” Couldve seen my boyfriend today but hes beinq a fuckinq jerk so I didnt.! Oh well I quess.! Finally Ozil is in ! Too late i need to be a A&R i know hits and talent and bullshit. Who i need to have a meeting with. I'm out here crying I'm so mad.. SAME. Thank goodness for podcasts and live tweets on e. I ask you to receive and love him. His name is Jesus Christ. Now say quietly: You can enter, Lord, I need you, cleanse my heart with your Today: dance audition on pointe, stunt class and bellydancing! Love busy days! The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground. Got carried away cherryjam cultured butter w/sea salt, WG, tofu, hummus, sprouts galore!! I'm Glad I Had My Daddy,He Taught Me Never to Take Shit No Matter What Form it Came in, in There's More Than One Way to Make Money. Have a Great Day Sweetie In Akron, OH you need a $15/ year license to own a home security system. #middleschoolmemories....I was the girl no boy didn't want to talk to because I was the UGLY DUCKLING ..&& now, LOOK AT ME N O W :-) :-) Thanks for the follow. Interesting script on your blog, when are you going to turn it into a short? it's called "Yes" need to take a shower & Finish packing. i have a 6 am flight to Boston tomorrow!... fml the Twentieth Century Limited! Lindsay got wine. I tried to convince her otherwise! Thx to every1 that's DL'ed #ExperienceJoeRogan on Droid! In little over 2 months we've had 600+ installs! Lets keep going! Spread the word! RT : wish I could b there to watch! Good luck woman, work that runway <U+0001F609><U+0001F481><U+0001F48B> Happy Friday to my 2 fav anchors & ! You guys rock. <U+0001F601> haha #true RT : Ladies, hide your keys, hide your purse! A lot of #broke niggas out here lookin for a come up. Please (pretty please!) start carrying by They are AWESOME flagship in Austin has 'em! No Shirt, No Shoes... Service! Tune in now for the Upper St. Clair choir singing Amazing Grace beautifully! Feels good outside today. when and where was diggy simmons?? :( Kids are in bed. Time for the adults to party hardy - eat our coffee mousse cake from China Fang then go to bed and read. Finally started working out with Note to self: Planet Fitness does NOT have towel service. The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible . You know what would probably generate the world's worst dioramas? That book called NOTHING. *shiver* I wish I could go to the Ripley service tonight. killer game - 51 pts 14 boards - sorry u lost - great game kevin! #SomeoneIWantToMeet the agents that work through Reboletti: One of many difficult votes. Will have a lot of unhappy ppl. But we must be honest with ppl. Recovery starts today. Urge aye. all it takes is that 1 beer 2 many when you accept sucker bets "*hiccup*..hell yeah the Giants will shutout the Pats...fifty bucks?" someone tweet me(; Andrea Young says in most cases they have purchased their footage outright to avoid any broadcasting conflicts ": I hate being single" Wys foo(: i love her! i hope ill be as good of a mom as her!:] aw man i wanna buy all the attachmenttss! lol im so excited Oh man, I have to work next Friday so I can't watch the Grimm season finale. That would make such a lovely fall dessert! Perfect for Thanksgiving and Holiday season coming up! Will he make a phone call and find out Angel’s missing and pull a gun on me? Wishing everyone a fun, safe, & happy Halloween!!! Get those porch lights on tonight & spoil some kiddos with lots of candy! XOXO!!! Let the tailgating begin. Cant wait to see the home opener Celtics won!! Great way to start the season! #IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould learn grammar and then change my hashtag to this makes me worried that im missing a conference call. just wanted to share. I serve my "fuck you's" with a smile. It just has a better effect that way. Don't you think? On the at 6:15, previews the 2nd game of the Yankees-Rays series. Also, here his thoughts on Pettitte's return. Wishing I could put this weekend on repeat. I guess this is where I should be? Little lost at the moment. People like to bring up your past when your present and future look better than theirs ~ BookOfQuotes Like many people, he claims a native great-grandparent. Does that give him the cred to play native characters? It's an interesting question If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth ya i've tried messaging u like twice?!!?!? today was alright :) 5th period was funny like always lol Listening to 3 girls write a rap song about STD's for their Senior Project. Statistics say that at least one of them will have one by 25. :) Facebook is like my living room = no business. Twitter is my information source = no crap. Linked are my business contacts = be legitimate Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to? Carry couple wet wipes in case a bum try to touch me<U+E40C> where we meeting tonight? A lot of fat guys have been walking past my house lately.... xD Triple chain gang you already know Mario, on my neck with Domo...(8) Peace and quiet.. Should I tweet, Facebook, or Google+ ... Hm? Ok, who wants to put together a dramatic reading night? I will host at Fuck that old shit. I'm on new things. We've concluded that, yes, that is 's minivan. If we all just did what we knew was right, we'd all be living in paradise. Three days until the annual MS walk at Warner Park in Madison. Come out Sunday morning and support the fight against multiple sclerosis! Very exciting! We are getting merchandise as well ;) well don't go to Tmobile their phones are the worse. I was getting new phones every 45 days J.K. Rowling, of 'Harry Potter' fame, announces publishing deal for adult novel sure! where do I send it? also, how can I get songs on SC to be playable on my choir's FB page? That's what I was trying to do. replied on FB You are too funny; That's why I like you. Loves It same, just watching the woman in black with some friends from my dorm room Why do people feel comfortable texting you things they would never have the guts to say to your face? This makes me appreciate last season even more. GO MAVS. So - is the age of Union power completely past or are they still relevant? Discuss. My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money Right so I've gotten to the point where I'm putting reminders for everything in my phone >.> I love fruit! January 30th Art Workshop has been cancelled due to weather. A mini-workshop will be held on February 6th. Huh? don't say anything out loud "mom" but what's a #TPS HA! =D Me Too!! I wish i could meet all of them. Get with it - we all went to the people in line at the Arctic Tailgate! #OWIF: I need to go on the lam and escape this posse, but all I have in my pocket is a Leatherman and four different kinds of Skittles. I feel like drinking soda -_- the crowd is deafening We want an encore! Shakes! Shakes! #shakes! #mkelive thank u for this Drinking some budlights with friends watching da Spurs kick ass!! wish there was same-sex adoption then I wouldnt have lost my daughters - mothers day is going to hurt- fifth one Just now saw your response. Homeboy has some ill concepts. Mos def want those salmon joints! Sounds like a good idea. I think I'll do the same. Aye, I love u too :) I'll tell you what, this is an important policy issue, but it doesn't sell papers she took my virginity! first loss of the season 4-1. We r 8 points clear at the top of the league tho:) xx Love it when someone gets out of prison and EXCELS!! Go Vick!! I had to make my own! Good morning! Did you accomplish all your #fitness goals this week? #Badgers now is your time! I'm losing patience with the draft. The few teams I was cool with Kawhi landing with, are passing him up. Thanks for the Follow! :) thanks so much! we miss you! followed back I sprained my idiot ankle! I'm pretty smart, but that isn't. Good Morning!! This gloomy Monday is forcing me to stay in bed for sure. There's nothing wrong with work in bed, right RT : I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone. All I can do is get my grind on. Who wants to have their #FF retweeted by us? in front of Snackel! :) will you be at SXSW this year? Yup, on the ground in Tampa covering for client Following everyone's updates though not the same! How are you? Gotta get out of this sorority house can't stand being one man in a room with 4 women The 1988 move Big which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically The jokes and playful banter that come forth Shut the hell up!! We are from The small town of Connersville, IN. What about you? On tap in the hopyard on Friday for a hopyard tour w/ WI Senator Dale Schultz: Fatty Matty Brewing Chocolate Coffee Stout As a middle aged voyeur, I don't see a concensus amongst protesters. Makes it hard to show support. Need more focus. Al harrington look like a skinny ass debow of friday At DHS Community Engagement Meeting improvement #childwelfare in Agreed. And it's simply just time to evolve. They don't need hand-holding anymore. Last night I had a blast seeing my friend Tarik Lowe rock it in "Supporting Characters" at #TeamUSA All The Main Ones are In ! :) Talked to my mom this morning.. she said her and my dad were DYING when i sent them that text ;) hahahhah Omg my hair almost locked up God Bless and be safe Gio! I'm still looking for an icetea and nap post #ASTD2012 good luck. I'm here to help. Iced tea of the day is an allergy fighting powerhouse! Blend of honeybush, spearmint, chrysanthemum, and orange peel-- super refreshing. tehhhhee :) im wearing my rainbow six tomrroww that judge read them charges and it hit him... life... cheers lady I was goin through your #instagram photos and your making me hungry!! #straving :\ great! I believe we're meeting at 6 in the mezzanine! will correct me if I'm wrong I interrupt this regular mostly-but-not-always-work-related Twitter account to say HAIL TO THE REDSKINS! HAIL !!!! It's a good day for me. wanna know why? 2 reasons 1. Nerlens Noel committed to Kentucky!! 2. George Zimmerman has been arrested!! woo Mo has a blood clot??? Yikers. lol..we don't know it's some ex-football player, thats only speculation ;) and he definitely isn't in trouble..but still, yea..odd marginally better. Lohan more intriguing (if un-substance-addled) and Liz has already been exploited beyond belief. #smx Facebook now has 800 million users. The previous record holder was heroin. I never knew there was an emoji question mark or exclamation mark. Ben just showed me it He tweeted me that it was satire, something one of my male friends guessed. I didn't! Goodmorning! #Church with :D Wait. Did I send you a pic of them? u sorta look like the girl except ur prettier <3 x Or you could come in and help your favorite EP get some snow coverage on the air no you wont scrub U better not be telling the pit ur falling in love with can't handle those types of stories in "the pit" EEP! Coldplays #Preforming !! :D Jealous of all those people at the Staple Center! haha If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas? I dislike the taste of water .... even the "good shit" I'm going to miss desperate housewives /: Go follow for all election information!!!! Missed having your wisdom & wit in last night's #BA75chat. Hope your weekend is a good one. Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D lmao ok then! Used at home depot in Watertown ma. That was easy. No wallet, no problem. ya ya i know. played some poker... Tried getting ahold of you You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself. RT : “Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson Bobby Jindal will be as old as John McCain in 34 years. This guy is going to be around for a while. I hate many few things less from finding out about a show the day AFTER! Grrrrrrr We still need a goalie Great to see that you joined! Would love to hear your feedback regarding interests for alumni/development offices. i completely agree (as I punch someone in the face) Goddamn I hate this bldg. property management. I need to get the hell out of here altogether; they caught me by surprise. I joined AFTRA prior and am now Sag-AFTRA and feel like the expensive pro that I am - started attending free member events 2 The only times I've ever been fat were during my pregnancies Ha good call. Because I like young adult novels ... excited for tomm.'s release of 's #Insurgent. If you liked Hunger Games, try her series. i make it a part of real-time class discussion/participation. still pulling teeth some times. - my family and I come to Charleston every year 4 vaca and we always try a few new things - gonna have to swing by your shop! RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com Struggling with php coding. Anyone have a horizontal ticker script in php for WordPress they could give me? You would decrease my stress. ;) Would you allow me to send you a file outlining how you could sell a mobile wedding app to your customers? Jim - LocalMobil I actually just started playing it today and found the Master Quest mode very entertaining as a veteran of the game. My name is Marty Bindschatel just in case you need it! I would love to!!! Thats whats up RT : Wish yall luck & success ":Get ready new year is gonna bring a lot of great things from the WC." Glad to hear you guys are having great weather. We are as well. finally. I'll be very open tomorrow and I'm looking for to it I am more or less exactly like her in that regard. :) Think I'm gonna rent a car tomorrow and explore Denver... I know Colorado is beautiful and I'm tired of not experiencing it. I will tweet daily on the " #Chain Challenge " ... Anyone else want in... Then I am calling you out... Continued next tweet Motivate - Fortune favors the brave. < suppose to be helping me clean up my Room,and he's just making it WORSE LOL...... Music Update: "The HookLess Tape" is 55% percent complete.... That is all. How's that new #Blackberry with the touch screen ??? Mention me!! sorry I missed talking to you tonight! #MyThoughtsAtSchool "I wonder if , , or is tweeting while I'm stuck in this hell whole? Glad to follow you omfg this customer just kept talking about diarrhea wtf Idk lo l When waves at me> Looking forward to #Community tonight! are we two big idiots... or the only sane ones??? I'm still a #celtics fan no matter what #CelticsNationBitch <U+0001F49A><U+0001F340><U+0001F49A><U+0001F340> Dude, that almost looks like a prison photo. Very happy lookin' couple I might add. LAST CHANCE to get on our guestlist to see The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8 Theater is coming with the Interactive 8 at 8!!!!!!!!!!!! White Fence just kicked some serious ass at ! Ready for some Ty Segall? Thanks for the advice, gonna do some research, get some nice flowers to plant this spring. maybe it will grow more fun you know that's his way of saying he loves you, & I heard she did lol "she is totally a people chicken." learning how to be gay!!!??? The second pick in the #NFLdraft2012 the Washington #Redskins have selected Robert Griffin 3. Just landed UVA vs. VA Tech tickets. Gonna be a good one! How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN? Just got my iPod back, I feel so depressed like why was I cursed with this mother? Well I have it till 9:00. Surprise surprise we on da way Round two for filming my short film! Tamara's 5:30 am yoga class is one of the best ways to start your day … wish she had more classes! ( ) lmao shutup I need more followers :[ "Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing." - Leo Buscaglia dude u do a great job just keep digging and getting us what u can, yea sometimes ull miss but that's sports You honestly think you're better than everyone else, don't you? hey thanks for following! just read through some of your site - great content! the city needs more music fans like you :) shout out! “: Here at #ImagineRIT2012 with rockin outside the Field House from 10-Noon. Gift cards, shirts, and prizes.” I dunno ! It depends , but like I'm saying since you wanna goo and I doo, we sshouuld get the ticketss togeder, u know Nothin is sweeter than summertime and breakfast Children's Hospital :) #enjoy! But of course; what a stellar birthday-set... Rest assured, you reign atop the #myfavoritememphian list! Happy Anniversary! lp At the lincoln park zoo. We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year? I say the right things, but act the wrong way... Judkins Carpet we carpet mill direct! Professional Installation on Commercial and Residential at prices you can afford should I be this excited tl go jome after work and download #Thewalkingdead game ? Im pumped ! and exciting! It means I'll be able to use it soon! I hate when you cut a nail to short that it hurts your finger!! I am obsessed with about 3 people on here. I hope you know who you are Rock my world until the sunlight. Make this dream the best I've ever known. I love Georgetown and I want to get into the McDonough School of Business this fall !! i hope it's a torrental downpour! your to big On this Sunday in September, the number 4 has nothing to do with a certain QB. Go Brew Crew! Today's agenda: contacting Miami hot spots/hotels to find a phenom venue to host the #EPAMIA chapter's Launch party. Woot woot! The latest 5K pix are up. FB doesn't publish them on the wall the way it used to but you can find the album by clicking "photos." Finally saw The Announcement. Would've liked Q&A w Converse folks, other partners of Magic. Also: 90 minutes w/out noting Magic's net worth? I officially want to declare my love for Gotye's State of the Art. End-of-Shift Bus Driver's Seat Guess I'm a bit jaded on this one. I'm usually thinking you should almost never assume stuff is free. Def. don't like tricks tho. I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week. You're welcome : To the woman walking the beach with booty shorts and high heels. Very strange but... thank you. Strike 1 Designers - Strike 2 for me at #Oscars don't recognize names of the supporting actresses i can't believe some goof shipped me a clock with the pendulum and key INSIDE the case. RT 1 day of art, culture, food & fun #ExploreFultonMarket Sat., May 12th 12-5pm. Walk, stroll, taste, and see Chicago's West Loop! Don't you love it when you hear the perfect song on the radio? Then you hear it again on another channel moments later? Thinking of how the notion of generative tech infrastructure (Zittrain) can be related to emerging social practices How is social media being used to share museum experiences outside of museum's page, but instead, friend to friend? Can we know? PLEASE FOLLOW ME!I love u ur so inspirational and are a AMAZING dancer I am the girl that went to arizona & I'm from Florida.. That's for sure. You are one more step from greatness ) hahah.. that was classic When tracks over I'm really going to miss them :( Has your food allergic child been excluded from activities because of allergies and lack of consideration by adults? Just watched so many videos! Love it! A pick 6 and UT is right there now, within 2 points. Usually atm gets up by more before they choke. Weird. Love your stuff! Any chance we can get a link to your "rant" from Th ? Leg/women A #Gemini is, perhaps, the most exciting, adventurous companion you will ever know. yep, I've seen it a few times. Then copied the moves on my drive home. Whats so bad about that? $50 gets you two winners this weekend. If I don't go 100% with at least two picks, 100% refund. Purchase one day $49.99. TopShelfBets.com Alternating between #StorageWars and #SOTU. I listen to Obama only when bids on a locker. An opera based on Anna Nicole Smith in London, & another performed entirely in Klingon in the Netherlands! Strange or pushing the envelope? Biggest benefits of cultural heritage tourism are strengthening of local economies & preservation of a community’s unique character bigger question is. What is your definition of "stash?" hm We don't dance, we gangster boogie. RT : Dance, girl, DANCE!!!!! - sweet, that's what i'm going for. lol all the black people same to you biaaa ! Very cool. I have a numbers of lists that are terribly out of date. Need to update them! Hope no one follows them closely. :-) I'm going to the park! #YOLO :D twisting my hair until something cool happens I'm pumped I wanna see it! I i were famous id get in a lot of trouble for tweeting and RT'ing bad tweets Hahahha. Saint Joseph Hospital has just installed Epic, the most advanced electronic health record in the nation! Sharon & I having dinner with Mario Batali this evening. Now where did I put my orange crocs? My Name is Antoine. I will be a new transfer student at Morehouse in the fall. Can you show me the ropes around school lmao lol Yeah, he actually was doing good at that towards the end. So maybe that every now and then. Want to work your craft? Open Mic EVERY Thursday, no excuses especially for artist who complain about not having stage time. I really want to go!! Been there! RT : RT : Love/hate relationship with friends' study abroad pictures I agree with Ali. You're ripping my heart out. Anybody out there deal with a lot of translation for ERP software end user documentation? out* I'm so excited still just to see her on stage, I can't wait any longer but it's like 3 months away!! Lol Isn’t it appropriate that the month of the tax begins with April Fool’s Day and ends with cries of “May Day!"? ~ Unknown Just start sobbing now. Dear Boys, Girls hearts are not like your dick...Dont play with it! Captcha codes seriously hurt my eyes. /rant The Beatles' show is ah-maze-ing! You can't miss it when you visit again. It's called LOVE, just in case :) studio session starting now - 91.3fm Like a lap-dog, only different. Thanks! great to hear from you! hit me in the nose with a microphone tonight... Better than the teeth. Finally got to see my boy pitch at GCVA. Well done buddy!! My ears r ringing! Actually, also likes me cus he knows I want to rub that big bald head of his.. ;-) the Gates will go down in history as real benefactors. But we have been to busy idolizing a false prophet. discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent #askTVDr your questions about grief. That meek mill mix-tape is tough... I have not seen you in FOREVER!! Hope you are well!! I would love to catch up!!! ": if you SMOKE cigarettes. Please do not get in people face and TALK...you are the RUDEST people in the world..." Planning our next event, are you on our list? Sign up at MiamiPudding.com to receive invites for all the parties Thank you for supporting me :D I feel like that last tweet is how feels about me sometimes! Haha I stink so. I hate Steven Tyler so much. He dresses so womanly. Ew. tomorrow!!! Cannot wait!! #totalBandGeek #Percussionist<3 Superintendent Kowba's report is back to its low-key format. No dire warnings of pending doom today. At least not yet Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned. you better be ready to get wasted Yay for dessert first! En route to Molly Moon's. Beiber=Team Money you should. The crate is to scale so that you can better understand the 27 hour long trip. To quote my least favorite actor, "I'll be back." xox Believe in the ones that believe in you. my niigggaaaa. Did u get me a bad of condoms?? Hahaha I just ordered a Follow Focus for my 7d.. Exciting!! thank you!!! I never want to work, I'm such a lazy cunt. New Year's eve $50 per head partial proceeds to benefit the Embrace Girls' Foundation. See facebook Roderick D Vereen for Congress 2010 Combine Store Visits! Only 4 Blocs Away From Each Other! Cntct Us For S.O.S.! gross my love Weds 12/28 8pm, Empty Bottle, Chicago- Alex Chilton B-day Bash! Come hang out! Wayne Township Fire dept., IMPD investigating fatal hit and run crash at Manhattan St and West McCarty do you need an extra turn after this one or something? how's it goin? haha well i think Kendalls nose is bigger then Logan :-) but sexy both haha I just want to go back to bed. So sad. Makes me think of my brother. Scary. : USC RB Tre Madden tore a ligament in his left knee at yesterday's practice. You know, if college football adopted a draft, it would really cut down on the recruiting scandals. np yw! have a great rest of the week Dislike females who think they better than everybody KK! Love you! XO who says next iPhone will be launched in June, previous one went live in October was the best all-time poker blogger. No one is doing good poker writing anymore. One reason: the game is repetitive. thanks boo!!! Miss you!! America Got Talent. Exhausting trip, long lines , anxiety . I love it! Try it? Hard to sleep when I have a million things on my to do list... Must. Close. My. Eyes. I am in Brunstucky, so this is an everyday sight. Hey hottie ;) luv u punk ass even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all! Tonight we are young he was gone? Lol I didn't notice Expenses are getting expensive. Lob city hope you enjoy your stay GET THEM TOGETHER!!! Apparently Blake griffin us allowed to travel and hand check, Dante can't even look in Blake's direction. I wanna sprinkle that so bad --- it works! which family tree are you looking for...Gambia is small I might have a piece....:-) Finally, this final project is done! I can't wait to see everyone's addition to the map. Hopefully it looks great! agreed Stern will definitely make an example of Artest going into the playoffs made some big progress last night, finally I can take a nap seems like the video quality is better than standard Comcast, but is that because it's b&?. Or soes that not matter? One final thought. #Goodnites should have a contest where kids submit designs. Have they done that b4? Evening has wokn like the 1st evening Bitrsweet tokn of a good day Praise 4 the chapel praise 4 the evening in the Big Apple finding the way Thank the lord for letting me see another day :) And People Wonder Why I Never Get on this Account ; Because SOME people Just Say DUMB SHXT! Im going to the basketball game to see the Detroit Pistons play the New York Knicks and your NOT what does "ripped" mean? im going for the food. Haha. I suck at bowling. Yeah let's hope it comes down to that! The best team in the 4th quarter vs. the worst team in the 4th quarter. The boyz recent interview >>> Hey case how are you? hit your buddy up , ill be sure to call you when I make some more oxtails... NOPE! Makes no sense at all The burger idea was definitely on the brain. you rock!! RANDOM CHUCK NORRIS MOMENT! Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land. They just took me out the convo lol its cool doe. I'm goin to sleep goodnight what up! First outdoor of the year: always a source of inspiration. Walk..Learn..and Grow.. hey people :) I'll know I've found The One when I've met a girl willing to walk down the aisle to Morbid Angel's "Chapel of Ghouls." Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown Stupid hungry right now! It would've been good to tell me Ms X had maternity leave, before I moved all those accounts to her. Suh is a big bitch. ( would hope so. It's absolutely his choice. We're now touring from at our new location at Gateway Park. We're running tours all day, every day. Stop by and glide with us! there's nothing more heavenly that guacamole done right! (: but at a non-mexican spot? BOMBA! giving it up to #honeybadgercafe <3 INalhambra A little faith will bring your soul to heaven; A great faith will bring heaven to your soul. - Charles Spurgeon I disagree. Here I go putting on my headphones & forgetting the music -_- You can email us at Hey Arnold RT “ "That's why you don't hire an intern to run your F500 social media" continuous education for all senior staff Whoever said family is forever needs to be shot.. cuz their idea of forever is seriously misconstrued.. Wilderness as social construct :: has been a big deal for and to me, still. I like to say my favorite practices, all a little making wild-er Just booked the flight to stop by anytime. I'll be there all day today as well. BrightGreenFuture.net Oct 21-22 OPEN for registration - more than 40 green workshops by passionate presenters creating a clean green future The spoiled me. We have no minibar, no Apple charging dock, and only wired internet. Thanks for the sweet tea, "sweetea"... ;) Baby steps RT The brown #Browns jerseys are reportedly back this season!!!! YAAAAAYYYYYY!!!! wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem wowza just saw this, awesome. except that "smoothie" looks kind of narst. the best #midnightsnack is cheese eggs!! Getting ready for MLK Day of Service at Hill Dance Academy, run by MAM alum Ayisha Morgan-Lee - love the pancake recipes!!! Amen!! RT : CUT THE SHIT. WHY CANT YOU JUST CUT OUT THE REPEAT OF THE GOOD WIFE? HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!! Hope you're having a wonderful day!! Blessings<U+2665> :) Smart phones: making the boring parts of life bearable. Yawn #BarneysBrideUnveiled, show me the Mother. I love doing that. I go on a "like attack." RT : Sometimes I be on facebook liking peoples status' for the heck of it there isn't a good way to phrase this, so I'll just say it: I want to touch your cats. 4/21 is National Drug Test Day.....beware smokers I love medal of honor for my psp RT : A3. Unless its intolerable, stick w/any job for at least a year. It may suck, but < 1 year looks bad to employers. That must be a good show. Is the audience 30 cats? Thanks to , the speakers and volunteers for making #wcmia an awesome event. and I had a blast! Giants need a sack! I did plenty of fish, it's where I met my now fiancé Manatee Mystery: Why Can't They Avoid Speedboats? The sea cows have good hearing but may be less aware of sounds when they're sleeping. keep it trilla hey austin follow me back please i love you so much<3 call me Hello and welcome to our New Followers !!! Rang in the new years with scientists. Explained that what I do also heals. Happy 2012! I think of Jukie as more like Lester Rowntree: She once told a search party she wasn't lost & wouldn't be found. Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately how can i get to go on a date with me? Who wants to see this!? I apologize in advance lol HAHA only Phillip would go swimming at 11 on a school night RT: time to go swimming Good story. Question asked on recent reference check: "do they suffer from Millennial syndrome?" bagels on deck! see you in 30... To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.°-- William Shakespeare I agree DC housewives sucked lol. They tried to be to proper and politically correct. No one wants to see that. Give it up its 11:11 and its funny because im listening to 11:11 right now ahahah (: Love you I thought the way Obamacare was written there was not a way 2 remove the mandate w/o removing the entire law. Hmm will have 2 dig into this Creator of the Lambeau Leap, y'all. What are you doing for the Packer game Milwaukee? we have faced it and we shall adapt... someday...someday in this our life time... this will be the second time. The first time, I was eight. Why has there always been conflict in the Middle East? It's because it's incredibly hot and there's no water. PLAYWRIGHTS: #sourcefest 2012 has an Open Call for 10-Minute Plays. Deadline is Tuesday, October 24, 2011, 5PM EST. Send us something!... JLO blew the stage away on AMERICAN IDOL. I'm gonna make so many viddy's of my cat. ;) That's my favorite Brad!! RT : in DC. Starting with Mei Wah steamed veggie dumpings and working my way to...! I thought that was strictly an NFL policy (that goodell isnt too eager to change). State can't control tv contracts. DO IT! They were great! It was awesome to be surrounded by so many talented people in the industry! put them on blast... post a video and maybe send it to ?? heed my advice: if u want to win this thing choose as your running mate. This time, it will work. TIP: Never buy in for more then you can afford to lose. Scared money dont make money is true. Money you need should never be on the table. : I ask myself.. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom.. Has everyone forgotten? I doubt either candidate prays! I don't think I can RT you enough. We're dealing with the same librarians vs. users issue with our site. Where at buddy? and that they did. Their forecheck was too much. They didn't let the Flyers get any rhythm the entire game. Hope you're doing okay! I'll put myself on bed rest tomorrow as a show of support. :) All things education & employment...COX Media fair - tomorrow at the Science Museum. Join us! , , you're just… fabulous! :) xo Does it look like I really give a fuck? let's do it! Steve Austin is starring in a musical. I don't know what to say... I love you savior! Less than 4 weeks until sunny Orlando! #kwfr #kwri Can't wait! Thanks for the follow False. "I Can't Make You Love Me" - Bonnie Raitt. Attended a good training on creating ePub documents today. Going to try and use the flip method for parts of my next unit. Car got broken into great gotta love the five points With the way he is beating on it, this guy's keyboard must have wronged him somehow. Need someone to take over mgt of a site I built for a research group at MU. Basic site, low-level support, monthly contract. hahaha no thanks Looking for a mature teen who'd be interested in blogging about the teen web series I'm producing. Get in touch if you know someone! Thanks! can't! in studio producing Club Kane til midnight! i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow. Road closure notice: Fayette St between President St & Central Ave will be closed Sun 9/19 from 7am to noon. If mildew appears on the grout lines of your shower enclosure? call 203 7941000 not your fault you sleep with the people in my school and either impregnate them or get pregnant. haha. MY arms hurt so much right now thanks to Shaun Johnson “: Oh. Unisex AXE. Now women can smell like douchebags, too.” AXE = Marijuana Smell destroyer ... X-} And when you're done listening to WORT, head over to the city-county building for the rally at 1:00. That's it - we gotta get DW back over ASAP to talk some sense into these people! Attending a meeting on the maintenance of ISO 3166 - Country codes in Berlin Eat wash up in smoke the loud volume in head to the mall Good morning beautifuls!!!:D Here we go! Second Week of Blithe Spirit! Break a Leg guys! MARTY SAYS NO!! O_O life is like a hike. difficult to get to the top, but when you make it the view is so worth it:-) I don't know man, I'm just glad is back <3 Go to sleep lol you beez in the homework boo <U+2665> Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans? U dont have to be thin to be beautiful or attractive. Being urself and haveing confidence is all u really need I really needed this, but now I'm so bored. D: - Hey have another Bay Area event. Will tap you. DM me your phone There are so many delicious Christmas foods & desserts to choose from, its no wonder the average American eats 17 pounds of turkey a year! agreed. Subject dropped. We're having a meeting Jan 31 5:30 PM to introduce the next producer/curator of !!! Be a part of the tribe & join us! that shouldnt stop anybody lol, do you have last lunch? Just had the WORST customer service I've ever experienced calling about my #Uverse bill. I'd like to talk to a manager. I wanna turn my room into a ballpit with all white balls. And then, I wanna find at the bottom of it. Thanks for the RT Tom :) could we get an interview with you?(: Getting most in Kansas City isn't so bad when you happen upon good coffee. A 4.7 earthquake (right near town) isn't my favorite way to wake up. Ahh so many different smells at the food court, but only one choice hm.....HOT DOG ON A STICK!!! :) o and a cute worker ;) #4famouswords I am the Walrus! Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your session! Should be fun! i always seem to wake up wit scratches and shit all on my arms!!!! Everyone thinks they have a GREAT IDEA that should be bought immediately but most don't understand how much works goes into it all. #wcphilly How to write your posts: Keyword density (repeating keywords) is important would you be interested in chatting in more detail about Switzerland Fashion Week on our show? I still like you I just said that to make you think I am happy and proud hey sexy thing, how's it hanging bro BrentwoodTNHome RT : Nashville Pizza Co. in Grassland and Franklin is donating 25% of all profits tomorrow to the Red Cross GUD MORNING #Everyone.! I'm game for the new one if y'all doin that, sold my copy of 12 a few months back Great first day at #NCSL with #umwleads...now to do some hw so I can maintain my leadership position Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. ~Anton Chekhov Awwh yeah! #markmartin in 8th :D come on now! bring it home! (: if you live near a Lululemon stop by and sign up for 1 of their weekly yoga or fitness classes! great way to get in shape for free! Studies show lack of water is the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue...Good bye RockStar...Hello Aquafina :) Denver will be lucky to have you...good luck, Godspeed, & safe travels :) Windows is terrible Tiff. Come on to Mac girl! :D need advice. have the thunderbolt but have an update avail. what should i go with? 4g verizon phone, and willing to wait.. Basically live at my best friend & her boyfriends.... Great vacay last week & then fun day celebrating the SB! It's now bedtime so I can get back to my routine which begins w/ early am workout! Want FREE tix to the Van's #WarpedTour Aug 1 Marcus Amphitheater? has them at 8 tonight. Listen Perfect day to just relax in the pool Day 2 of the draft is just as important as day 1. The Browns must address WR and RT tonight. Could really set up the offense nicely. Coming Soon!! Amazing home for sale in The Highlands... 4b/6b Yes! 4 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms! $375k! Great stuff, my fav is the sportraiture section! keep the world inspired!! youre welcome lol and nice aha :P :) Perfect day here in Seattle. Just perfect. Now I just need a hammock and a good book. awesome :) feel free to flirt with me via twitter all you want. It will only spark my art. you didn't see my face tho The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses Not sure. It may be a minute. And that's the ball game, way to battle Pedro Strop love me Thats not T-Swift's real Twitter.. I should know because were best friends. But I'll put in a good word for you. Nope, I stick with the best glass by B+W and Hoya for ND and circular polarizing. If I was on a budget, I'd go with Tiffen. Facetious! But it's amazing that someone would expect that. haha it's just one game I'm cool with it bro...appreciate the concern tho ur pretty and nice and he's hot and nice! Psh can't be tht hard! I play matchmaker all the time! is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 42 I lost a bro today I love you boy and cant want to see you again in heaven RIP Austro you will always be in my heart!! Love Cole 4th quarter. The heat is on Ok, back to business at Occupy Wall St NYC.. Yeah!!!! Long live the Movement of our generation! Dont You Worry Imma be across the pond Soon! love it cause the boy stay fresh like canned goods lol “: Nerlen Noel good choice. who else could offer you money & plenty white girls #bbn” In defense of Joe Pa...this feels like a railroad job on his legacy. Sandusky can only hope for a swift prison end via multiple penetration. FYI - Today I am going to break a mirror under a ladder while holding a black cat... Gonna be a good day!!! Is that supposed to mean your funny? Random: I need to learn how to take pictures of myself. I feel I take not-so-good pictures! as long as your happy and safe, nothing else matters in the world That awkward moment when u look @ ur clock and hurry to get to ur bus stop and the garbage man tells u that there's no school today. :-/ When you expect bad things, bad things happen OMG what happened ?! O.o sounds like fun! it's my moms birthday today. happy birthday ma I'm taking a #libraryschool management class too! And honestly, i can't help but think I'm too young to manage ppl :( I'm now following 1,the sexist females with a Twitter, follow back Loved this episode!! TONIGHT LYTE! - THEN HOT PINK DELOREAN ON FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! - THEN ROCKIN F*WORD 18 IN FLAGSTAFF - IF WE DONT GET SNOWED IN!! LOL.. ... who wants me to post a new song ? In the Batman universe: is Gotham the only city with superhero's and villains? If so, why wouldn't normal people move away to avoid danger? Meeting voters at early voting letting them know to vote for me in Nov whole song coming in 3 days!!! Tell your Friends please sweetie :) Having dinner out with my three favorite people in the world! My family! I'm ike the modern Picasso. My work isn't perfect, yet it is still beautiful and delightfully intriguing. plug that in or it's goodbye for now - lol RT : I fear we won't have Taj Gibson for much longer. Once that rookie contract expires...teams are gonna be thirsty for fam. #hookmeup with a hottie that has a brain lol Quit posting 9874928374892 pictures of yourself on facebook. No one cares. guess what its FRIDAY!!!!!! <U+0001F633> I really don't have time for this HELLO EVERYONE! =) “: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out” So Sam L Jackson told AO Scott that he should find a job he can actually do. Nice job Mr. Jackson, except, Mr. Scott is a damn fine writer! WOW I really HATE emotions ! MT : Gustavo Arellano will be at The Autry on Sunday for our Go West Book Fest! Come check him out!... Face hurts from smiling so much. yes but for college that's not too bad! I think you did very well for yourself! It was great. Lunch at a nice restaurant is really a great way to eat. Less expensive, not as crowded. Attended One of the best hotel parties last night! I had a real good time! <U+0001F609> . Tonight I still am not liking Gibbs and JLC. I wouldn't want to see a 60-30 thing (yuck!), but a 60-40ish thing might work. ;) Thanks for the RTs and We love our tweeple spreading the word! Can't wait to see get my pics back from my shoot today. I know one thing I'm hungry as hella Bella!!!! did you get anything at bedbath&beyond Prepping for our volunteer celebration. Those who serve this ministry freely make a huge difference. Thank you to our volunteers! LOL I'm talking about my mama! I've never dated a partially black guy. SO SCARY I'm looking forward to Marc Cary!! follow back :D Argh, yes, I would love this. Packed my son a lunch every day, and he still racked up quite the bill. #ThoughtsAtWalmart "I should have gone to Plato's Closet" lol ya ya goodnight Working on the APUSH assignment when my mom calls to accuse me of "playing" instead of "working." Forget #rockstarteacher! I'm jumping over to 's no problem! Two-dollar Tuesday ! Come get any drink for just two bucks! Even though he did the intro he didn't do Bud's ending choosing a cutsie one instead. 5 yard penalty. we are best friends :) RT if you love roller coasters Cold rainy nights like these remind me of running the streets back on 63rd. Except now my Mom doesn't need to pick me up from 8th district! and i love how freakin weird you are c: Actually, I have to finish it in two days or the library book disappears from my Nook! Talk about pressure. 650 down, 350 to go. =) those are the best nights lol I'm game to try swiss lamb in wine and cream sauce no matter what the season. :-) Jason Wu for Target collection hits stores this month. Thoughts on high end designers at stores like Target? I just saw a sequence of Justin Bieber playing hockey to a song from the Black Keys. It was weird and also ok. I mean, I dunno. where or when do the galaxy rookies come out or should that b "meow"?? I can't tell you that. Then it wouldn't be a secret. :-) Lol you know it! Thanks man! But if I'm an old dinosaur, the you must be dirt! dont act like you dont know what that means, cueraso. Don't forget to stop by to checkout Chef Rob's NEW beer battered fish fry tomorrow! It is the newest definition of "The Finest"!! Awww. U r too sweet! I wish I had her energy! Thank u!!! Happy Sunday people!! Happy World Peace Day! Maybe if more people around the world did musicals, there would be more peace! I don't know if it's more important to me to have a baby pygmy hippo or a baby rhino. Now I'm in crisis. I changed it..im gonna dm it to you now.. Awww well hell with this teachers gossip more than students Kate Bush's Wuthering Heights Facebook says we're friends, but trust me…I wouldn't hesitate to throw a chair at your face. Live screen printing demonstrations at bohemian market downtown at 345 sixth ave by consuul! Come check it out! nothing . *I Love Him* Wake up in the morning feeling like CRUD. I can't wait for Top Golf in Allen to open. U another Sicki Garbaj using 's name 2 get your out there,pathetic!! People with real talent prove they earned a spot Aw just saw this, thank you lovely! Advisors, watch this one! MT : #Finovate #Iquantifi showing financial goals on a timeline. Slide goals around & system recalculates uhm i can only see 5 of my mentions and two of my favorites ? Yeah, not so much. :/ The icebergs of this world may try to sink us,but we shall stay afloat!! They avoid spell check, normal social interaction, self-awareness and proper grammar. But also being cool.They avoid that, too. Less than 30 minutes 'til curtain of show #2 of this year's festival w/ , , & Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless. idkkkkk you want me to get back on ? I just saw Will Ferrell biking down Water St in the 3rd Ward. Why'd he be here? do it for me Admit you are powerless over pinning and that your life has become unmanageable. Every great journey begins with one step... Victim: if someone stole your identity what would you do. Who would yoou call? www4.vindy.com/content/local_regional/310339952884775.php From to to , we proved that what you do on the ground makes a difference. Commit to volunteer: OFA.BO/xPJVds oh so.its like watching The Notebook. It was great meeting and singing for you today, sorry that I didn't get to meet too, glad your buttons work! We rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective. #Aquarius are beyond attractive.” ;D i remember when you said you will always be here for me when im scared or for anything and i believed you. Wish I was at home yo- dc's cool &all but where's all the powderedwigs &shit? Ive seen the cutest men ever today I'm glad was there to experience with me kids have stolen 3 of our class iPods I got donated so they could do more interactivity. Why steal from urself?! "Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." H. Jackson Browne Isaiah 1:17 "Stop doing wrong, learn to do right! Seek justice, encourage the oppressed. Defend the cause of the fatherless..." getting us up to speed on the #brewers right now on Preach it! Thanks for being a positive voice in the entertainment industry. Niall your important and we love you too <333333333 Its so annoying when people root for everyone who the lakers play against. you aren't a denver fan, nobody besides ppl in denver like denver Twitter...why do you mock me? Safe travels and happy Thanksgiving! drinking game! Getting to 1st base or guys taking off shirts... drink! Its on at 4... don't judge me thanks for taking the Distraction Free Fridays pledge Deborah! Justin beiber album is really good If u don't count Fallon/CapitalOne running 3x normal :) RT : = only actress w/ 3 natl TV ads active right now? I am so sad to hear this. :( ": Forest. Good question. Cannot reach him, myself. {: (miss him and worried." Think iam having a panic attack. Likewise, maybe I should check to see if any for profit entity will make money from the monument? haha im just messin bruh lol but it's all on my TL, just ease up for me! Txt the girl GET OUT TO VOTE today. If you have problems at the polls call 1 866 OUR VOTE Oklahoma Home Repair (405) 821-2597 Visit oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for our educational post on home insulation. . . or just call us! Puppy power! And Brownie's head didn't explode on the call, either. U thirsty? Here is a cup of whoop ur ass... Just left the book signing for & .. Was a pleasure ladies can't wait for the new book!! Stealing 's photo to boost your own web site's traffic, ? I hear you were deeply offended by my tickling of the ivories. All apologies. It's gotta be Weaver, Greenberg, or Foster....right? O.o RT": The only reason i'll wear my abaya is because i'll go out with my pj *<U+263A>*" This week will be a busy week for #InGenious Clothing Co. #Boom <U+0001F4A3> That's the ballgame. Media sources report owners inform players of lockout. Happy Valentine's day to my single followers Dreamt about it, woke up, did it.. Erika I want to give you one last kiss one last hug and to tell you I love you <3 You've piqued my curiosity. My rims sitting tall til'i dim the knee steps I guess the ones I run into it's pretty lame to broadcast about the invite only party that is filled to capacity... I will now. thx! sorry holly I'm going to a bmx race darn I really wonted to make your day Niggas gonna hate what more can i say.... Enjoy a #lifestyle discount getaway $100 per night visit us Call us today! We can help you get into your dream car! Sales: (888) 378-5237 Did u know excessive tension on the hair can lead 2 to traction alopecia. It is among African-American women & children Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart. Be stupid. (Demi Lovato) Any catering suggestions in #SATX? Appetizers specifically. Good luck! :) D': ohmygawd I want my freakin twitter back. Why mother._. tehe! <U+0001F60A> I'm glad they interest you so much! Stay Modern Pony Boy. Come down and check out tonight!! My homie will be DJing tonight!! Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight! #BmoreFail 4.0 students coming into college are risk averse Oh gee are you alright? Now I feel bad... :P Me and Becky need some shots any takers? First pass through the new album "The King of Limbs"... didn't like it. This is an excellent sign that I will eventually love it. But first I need you to follow me please. I can't DM you otherwise. =) ": Creighton over Georgia in the opener in Corvallis. Big win for the Jays." Great start Jays! Cow bells are not cool, especially at a game. Wait. Will Ferrell could, everyone else should never have one. SO annoying. #goplankintraffic on the busiest road in Orlando.. Don't worry, I'll wait :) say, we partying in uptown tonight? my bad son lol could somebody in the hunter film and media department PLEASE just email me back omg Free baseball in Nashville. And to think we were on pace for a 2 hour game at one point. Walk-off win, right here. Let's go ONE HOUR AND 9 MINS TILL BOYFRIEND VIDEO! A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised. wow brown, I'm way late on this one. Good man how. Are you "The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say." (Anaïs Nin) #ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training yeah I will! Happy Belated Birthday! Sorry Im 43 mins late...Owell Just watched #Friends - the One with the Embryos for the 96,000th time. Best. Episode. Ever. I want some crispy wings....m I seriously want to fuck that ass. Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world well u should know because yours are most awesome! Here we go...the President can't control himself... hmm..you don't have diarrhea of the mouth..like some of these shitheads..ever been to twitter jail?... how is recovery coming along. I finally found my other sock! Bitch I'm me! can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!11 Real women get a call before bed, side chicks get a text. What's the largest work reimbursement you've ever submitted? Mine was over $5,000. Talking to !!! Get to see her tomorrow! Reminder: We'll be open at 5pm today! Come down for some nachos, a cold drink and the best pinball selection in town! Currently being told I need a man with confidence because I'm too much to handle <U+0001F612> Every time I see a Geek Squad car, I slow down thinking it's a cop. Then I realize it's a VW Geek Squad bug and resume speeding. In the splendor of your majesty from deep within my spirit sings... You know James Harden goes left, but you can't stop it Can't wait until finals week is over so the Christmas countdown can officially begin! yeah that's my problem :/ Red Robin..... To go...... I'll be back for my unlimited fries. im lucky he's here! You can borrow mine at any time. thanks :) have fun w your makeovers I'm sure they will look beautiful Absolutely. RT: " if u ever see me PLEASE do that move like in the commercial #please" RT : Never argue with a foolish person when u do it doesn't look like one foolish person arguing it looks like two! Cool kids only would rule me out immediately. I suspect Lloyd needs to add you to zerista. Thank & 4 everything they are doing in the fight against breast cancer. You are appreciated. R.I.P. Mom, I love you! PhotoVoice exhibit premiere! Join Aurora residents at 6pm at the Nighthorse Campbell Native Health Bldg, 13055 E 17th Ave Admission is free! how was townhouse? Looked slow tonight Yeah, but we can eat fries on our shuttle. MT : Hey NY, your Shuttle hysteria's cute, but how does it feel to be behind D.C.? I can't think of a more perfect user name for you. I know, I had to create a new "pomp-pomp" moment about this! Especially since my pomp-pomp efforts were wasted on the PATS. :) he was on yesterday too?? Auditions for Thunderlips and the Submissives will be announced shortly! Actualized project or theoretical? (wouldn't be hard to actualize if play was an inspiration rather than actual prod) “: When did you get an iPhone?!?! #observant” I didn't. Am using my iPod touch. I refuse to get an iPhone. Good workout I would rip my heart out and hand it to you. Turkey. Came to US for grad school and stayed afterwards. Where r u at? I believe he was in the slow class for real now lol or a conscience. Sunday NY Times mag is redesigned & recommitted to long form journalism. SxSW thinks long form journalism is dead. I'm with NY Times for now I want to see Shutter Island so bad! Does it live up to the hype? I'd hate to be dissapointed by a Scorcese-DiCaprio film ! Helping May Rihani celebrate her retirement from fhi360 It's a lot more than that bro. See you in a few months Avi on point When hit 4,000 followers one lucky follower will have a chance to win a custom #BallSoHardUniversity sewn letter authentic baseball jersey Happy Reading Day Huskies! Did JT draw up that play, too? :) #SignsAPersonCantCook They make you a salad. Cooking means cooking people. Not putting something in a bowl. Lord, Please increase my Confidence. Whenever I start to doubt myself, Help me to remember that You believe in me. b/c it looks pretty and 'edgy' on screen but is not very usable as currently stands :( Good morning! It's still shitty outside. Let's do it! It's still early! You can't train the jerk out of someone, but I do understand the point of it on it. Something tells me clicking the info button will catch me up on the first 49 minutes. #ThoughtsWhileRunning bad bitch right next to me....let me crank it up to 7.5 Is it cool that I've become re-addicted to resident evil nemesis on playstation 1? didn't think so. coming on in 5 Saw a woman wearing elbow-length rubber gloves smoking through a vintage cigarette holder. you are very welcome #PrayForJapan please everyone. Palomar is one of two card clubs in San Diego. A city moratorium would effectively shut it down if its licenses aren't renewed. Thank for the RT! Sweet Caroline! “: SWEET LONDON TOWN. SWEET PEACE. SWEET CALM DOWN. SWEET SOCIAL JUSTICE.SWEET JESUS.” thanks for the RT! it's addicting-great for breakfast oor as a late night snack! Any time, really You be crazy. But in a good way. :) no problem (: x Going to sleep early~ If only he could pick up socks. He'd be a true laundry room savior. Thanks for the info! sleep time I have a date with A 6am run I am learning how to type in the dark :D but i know how to type type.. but right now im individually typing each letter with one finger Thanks Anne! I would actually love it, personally. I think it's smart. Most versatile secondary in the league. It's Toddler Tuesday at the Launch Zone til 2:30 today. Join us for Prehistoric Adventures! Hardy's attorneys say plea agreement is something Hardy wanted to do to bring some amount of peace to Moore family Why can't we vote for goalies? Price all the way RT Rally for Solar - Friday, February 25, 12pm Colorado State Capitol - West Steps 200 E. Colfax Ave Denver, Co we've been acting awful tough lately missing out on waffles! We're losing Dale Hunter already.. <U+0001F614> amen n we want spirit is spirit.. I got my belly button done today!:) Nothing beats Madison in the summer, too much fun. Sometimes I want a dislike option on the facebook status feed I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey. :) If baseball ever goes to full instant replay review, it might look something like the #Clemens trial. Lots of objections and conferences. I hate waking up from a nap with a headache #ouch <U+0001F630> Welcome back to campus students! I'll vote for y'all:) I wish I could go to c the bands that would be the best thing ever your singing is great, & you're gorgeous. :) We need to start on the note (: Thanks to Anna DeLoi (harp) and Nash Ryder (violin) for their lovely performance of my music. okay we will hook up I know you are one of the hottest in htown ah so tired -He is the bad guy. Lines his pockets yr aftr yr, takes evry sub-500 season directly 2 the bank. He cares not about winning Specifically--it's at the "Editors' Round Table." Off to pick up groceries. No more classes till Monday. Thank you #collegebreakday you are much needed :) lots to do this weekend! So take me back take me back to the place where, I can get more swiss rolls. And I'm STILL all broken up about Steve Jobs' death. You'd think a good night's sleep would have straightened me out. cc: Can’t make it this week, have plans already. Retweeting for days. Its not Ryan for sure when r u home from sin city. "Pride only hurts. It never helps." sometimes i just wanna say fuck it!!! Wish I was there :/ Infocus: Enables us to highlight and share our 'focus' (a particular quote from an article, for example) on the web Hey now :). How ya been? Write for the website post about tech like news, updates,reviews, and more but i like apple more lets talk somebody Off to work, then dinner with the family and more unpacking tonight... dick is so big, push by sapphire was written about it I needed a day off. Spending valentines day with my girl wine tasting in Santa Barbara, CA. #Illinibasketball it's going to be a tough row to hoe. hahahaha #ew THEY WERE SO GROSS Teenager shot from passing car Tori is my friend and she's a TOTALLY AWESOME human being who happens to have a marvelous voice as well! It doesn't matter how hard and fast you fell for me. What really matters is how long you're willing to stick around with me. hopefully we'll see you back around here soon! Umm... I'm eating olives and reading Said and listening to weird debke mixtapes. So Palestinian. I can't stop thinking about your sweet ass, would love to see your hole!!! #OnlyGhettoPeople want something for nothing and blame the next person for their struggles. ... and then go over to #AmexBestBuy and buy a new flat screen tv. On set all day filming Pioneer Commercial!! Hi Jenna! TJ Harrington here. follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter. we're curious - what are y'all drinking over in Edinburgh? Three days, five hours, and twenty-four minutes til our reading at Txikito. Sun 13 Feb at 6pm. 240 Ninth Ave. INFORMATION DEPARTMENT ACTIVELY DEFENDING OPPOSITION PROPAGANDA IN NEW MEDIA thanks for the #FF! « I remember those dayz» me too hey!sorry I missed ur twit.I'm good. My vacation is over already))How r U? Wow, a Virtual Conference. I thought I've seen it all. Join us in Campaign Management360 room w/ answering ?'s Saw that! is a sweetheart. Definitely check out #72musicians it's my fave rock doc ever, no lie! trying to catch up on all i missed at NECC Pinterest co-founder Google Alumni! loved the name! And you posted some great pictures. DOORS ARE OPEN!!! Show your love and paint your face blue! that 18 CHA not working for you? Very sexy Felicia! No wonder you're so limber and flexible, LOL. I'd love to see you hang upside down sometime! tweet me bak plzz i wanna talk to u #SometimesAllAGirlWants is to feel desired and needed from her man...it goes a long way Austin Has a mickey mouse pillow Any #glutenfree Nana's fans in #Darien, CT? Our big cookies and bars on sale! 2 for $5 on bars, 4 for $5 on the big cookies! Been on a tour of the city of Wroclaw all day.. Pretty exhausted but loving every minute! Sportsclub makes u walk past delicious food to work out- oops. I am old enough to know better - but young enough to still do it anyway! Done! Sent on Facebook, Twitter - will add to albums and website. Thank you for following :) im going to feel this workout tomorrow just started using this app too! It's awesome I wish my office chair had an ejection seat. Then we could use it... <3 you Matt Barker Final class , getting mix ready for wed lol, idk. Like most people think she turned into a ... Now. Weird request, but who knows. Anyone have access to the script from the movie Stand By Me? I need to see how a scene was written. Final trailer in 12 days! "The biggest gap in our lives is, what we know and what we do with what we know." <U+FFFD>I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons.<U+FFFD> oh I gotcha I respect that, got to avoid the drama. Smart thinkin This form auto-complete just turned my address to "Hard Drive." Ok, universe, you're hi-LA-rious Thanks for the props! Your source for unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring & Decking. LOL Word! I'll email some wings over ASAP *LRB = London Review of Books, askers A disgrace to Simon-s everywhere RT #Orioles starting pitching numbers to enjoy & a former Oriole proves it's not the uniform. Thanks for the RT Natalie! Happy New Year 2 all of our supporters!! Along w/ thks 4 da love you're writing for people? :D omg ok un momento x Occidental Punta Cana -- 4 nights from $335, includes all-inclusive: all meals, snacks, beverage, activities and airport transfers. Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?! You are GINORMOUS! in April!! So very well said. Only in Austin... HINT TIME?! Ok you really want to put your glasses on for this hunt! I have realized that if people want to run their mouths there's nothing you can do about it, but let them talk. who knows... he signed an extension this year, so he's contracted for 3 more years. they'll compete to be the starter? How rude! pretty much giving up on the monsoon this year. Hope you are feeling better. "There's only one God ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress that way." - Captain America (Marvel Avengers) Bout to do some cleaning and then sister time w/ :) Go to my music page and give the kid more likes in shooting for 1000!!! S.I.N.G.L.E = Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loving , Enlightened. Watching sweet home alabama <U+0001F60A> this movie will never get old to me #favorite <U+0001F499> Make sense. The MS rep said it was a starting point for new techies & a way HR filters candidates. I wonder if the Redskins recognize that this concept known as "scoring" is vital to winning. Happy birthday!!!!! lol! They don't know cuz We are looking forward to our launch date and hope you are too! We are excited to offer one of the best selections of kid's art around! :) How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. ~ Carol Sobieski and Thomas Meehan, Annie There's one positive to lizards. They eat bugs. For my case as I'm terrified of bugs, I'd invite him to visit, but not stay! WTH IS GOING ON TONIGHT too bad it's not verizon!! Take a course. Pack a Gun. Of course you're ready for complexity of situations you may expose yourself to. Tell that to a veteran Cop. RT : thanks. =) u welcome So a red fox decided to try and hang out in the ring while I rode tonight. Weird. hi! welcome :) It's the final countdown! So pumped for & RT : I'm at La Jolla Presbyterian Church w/ FOGC bottom might be in here... lol nope I been in the house all day Craziest night of dreams ever!!! So stressful! Thanks for the RT! Hope you all have a fabulous day! Simple marketing effectiveness test: Does the marketing make you want to buy the product? Fewer candidates, one would imagine. No problem..Love to check out new Seattle things :) its members only and because im not even supposed to have my phone <-Kelsey xoxo> Saw Beatlejuice last night for the first time in 15 years. It was awesome. It really holds up. I wanna go back and watch the cartoons now. Makes you wonder what the other 28% of men working on Wall Street think of as their priority! we are playing but the CD won't be done yet. Stoked to play too. hahaha I was watching a show on my computer! So glad nobody saw me Thank you kindly for your follow, That moment when u wish somebody would send u a text or call n ask how u doing, or wats wrong, or talk to me, spill!! have helmet; always use it! new and exciting community offerings coming to mile high heels, inc. are you on board? have you friended us yet on fb? Saving Money Through Magazine Subscriptions | Gossip ... Headed to #ssfmatchmaker, the play that inspired "Hello, Dolly." because they didn't know what they had. Now, he'll be front and center. i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not Yay! Score one for me. ;-) Put A Condom Over Your Heart And Fuck That Nigga's Feelings Like He Did Yours. Send cards with heartfelt congratulations. But then again, i didn't get anything for graduating college and still lived. For as bad as Neil Huntington is at finding hitters, he equally brilliant at finding set up relievers. Came across an enormous sparkly, copper-topped building I've never seen before in Sioux Falls. I feel like the entire final season of Lost. But I can't blame you baby, it's me that's done wrong, cause I broke the skies that shine above. ann thats the wrong usage of the word their/there epic fail Hilarious. Keep moving! Commuting more than an hour today...how do people do it? So happy I live in the city I don't have to ask anyone. I am a victim of it. Wtf Junior Seau is gone! God Bless his family! Peach clobber with fresh Georgia peaches <U+0001F631><U+0001F631><U+0001F60D> Taylor i swear on my life . why would i lie about that ???? Hotlines: #ACFE reports tips expose #fraud 3x as often as do management reviews, Get with the times & use text messaging. Office Depot does! Band of Horses is rocking Madison Square Garden tonight! Cleaning while I listen to Al Green's "Let's Stay Together".....I love this music! Patriots or Giants...who you got? Packaging and shipping your orders here at the warehouse this morning :) I've been on medicine for 2 days now & I'm still unbelievablely hot :/ are you using this as part of an Internet Safety or Digital Footprint unit? Looking forward to you and Biz Dev Today session today! I am actually scared of going into hot topic and I don't know why I'm just going to tell people I can't read. "Did you just say 'if you're 10 hit me up'?" .. "you know I like 'em young" oh my god... im ready for next year ;) done with my first year of college, couldn't be happier! Never going to forget the memories or the amazing friends I have made this year<3 Now, the New York premiere of Suzanne Farrin's Infinite Here. I hate long mrt rides actually Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well. Me? Yes, I'm a proud conservative & I will always look to protect my nation. Letting my students watch Passing Strange. Its really reaching 2 of them who are captured by it. We are getting to the real. Yes it is.....Take care. Love the new picture. Also really like your descrip of 'other'. I go there, boyfriend hates it. Usually during Real Houswvs HE>i hahaha! Idk make sure if he does to put it in YOUR savings account. This is inevitable. Im sure the #NSA monitors and stores info on Americans too. Just wondering if you could give me the address to your blog? Thanks a bunch!! I dont have a drinking problem.. the problem is i dont make enough money to drink like i want # lol Henry Ford Ironically, making a statement with words is the least effective method. proud of the Yanks win today! :) love them...super upset tho, that Mariano Rivera is out for the season. :( Gerard Howard, Founder Of Marchingsport.com Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands As Celebrity Judge.www. mlkgrandeparade.org RT In #StarWars The Phantom Menace in 3D, you can actually see George Lucas taking the money right out of your wallet. John Lynch asks crowd to scream "buddy" , Junior Seau's favorite nickname I use the basic HTML as my default. Means I have to refresh my mailbox myself but now nobody bothers me on Gchat. Success? ": Don't give up I know you can see All the world and the mess that were making Can't give up" You give me the feelings people write novels about. should i get a coke zero or a cup of coffee? T.G.I.F.yesterday,today chile chesse fries from Lotaburger.Take the time to tell your family You love Them! yeah I usually finish my shopping that day Already decided that my new years resolution for 2012 is to meet =) HEY BRITTANY, WHY ARE YOU MESSING WITH ME? me times 12 When it comes to critiquing a record, i like to be straight up n i expect the same from those critiquing mine Come out to PURE Tuesdays! House music #EDM in PURE Lounge w/ Stellar & Tara Brooks! Open bar 4 ladies! Guest list txt 702.882.4982 Whedon something very wrong just now unsuccessful friday night.. you gonna be around Oshkosh this week? Those ropes you see in gyms are annoying to no end. We're not sailors or longshoremen. Out w|Mommy Before I Go to Work wassup ?. Change your lifestyle, change your life. You have the power to choose health over disease. He said he just wants to be friends. And every idiot knows that's just code for go away. He does not like that wall I need 2 go 2 the studio .....instead of been @ home I'm my bed..<U+30C4> Hangover 2 - almost as funny as the first...almost! A proposal was written up tonight and submitted to Jamie Sage to be reviewed tomorrow so we can begin production of the re-design. Def. just watched my beloved Brewers blow it disappointingly in last minutes of BOSvNJN scrub time here at Prud Ctr. Yes ... (shaking head) Wrecking crew....think about it ahh, that makes sense, haha. Nice!! I want to be crafty. Where is when I want a trip to Tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit. glad you liked it! It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene. Herman Cain told Barbara Walters that if we elect a Republican President, he would like to serve as Sectary of Defense. What do you think? You all everybody!!! Will you look at THAT! On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice Im in Dallas LA hear I come #Follow some good friends/mine Now to add to the Yankee misery Jesus montero goes yard and the Yankee announcers are tryin to justify the trade Wow I guess I really do like you, oh well. I've got no chance Happy Monday! Hope everyone enjoyed a relaxing weekend! Listening to podcast on the secret service scandal. "I think he should be fired for stupidity." - Good job! no problem DC/VA what it is we in the building #BBMG how Can we live without computers now? who wants to throw up the five bucks!? u adore me. lol. dnt fake. Final chance for free tickets: upload a video of your best magic trick (and let's keep it family friendly). We'll vote for a winner! We've been doing good thanks to Chicago artists, Corporate Companies (across US), and our friends & family for backing us up with support. Is it over yet? Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer. Knowing that adult swim is doing this toonami throwback thing only for April fools is actually depressing me, like I'm pretty damn sad :( So another great singer killed the national anthem on tv .. What an American idle. I've been called a thug more in the last 16 months than my entire life before that.. It's tea party code, you see i was bored last night so i went to sleep at 7:30. lol Oh P.S. just thought you should know that the German word for "nipple" is "brustwarze" which literally means "breast wart." ready to make a move woo woo I thought that you were better. Hope you will tweet about some of the stuff you're reading and writing about! Would love to hear. About to ride to the beach????? Not sure??? $30K reward now offered in missing Maine toddler case. Police say Ayla Reynolds did NOT leave dad's home on her own. Details on at 9pm I'm 28 and only now interested in a driver's license. Typical New Yorker. First lesson in 30 minutes. What color should I lease? RT for chance to win & tickets! Details coming up soon! is jelly of my captain america costume. obviously, i mean who wouldn't be. I checked out of Spanish ages ago hahaha Good idea. Yes, we ladies do have a tendency to do that, don't we. My kids already love bacon, The Ramones and talking like pirates. Guess my job is done here. “: is crazy!! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602>”still lame smh don't get your ass locked up stalker You wanna be a pirate! harden dominates the ball though. OJ had every opportunity to do that ash keep your eyes open we'll be serving up ice cold once again... safe now... only reports of minor scrapes and bruises I hope the Heat are losing. You're better of that way, anyway. Trust me... Why in the heck am I up at this hour?! My day is going to shit lol already shouted you out hahah<3 To have good and clear vocals you need a good mic pre and a good mic that does make you work so hard! lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!! Muuuuuuuah!!!! My nucka! Love u so much puto. How's my girls doing? Where's nysha no matter how hard life is at times always keep your head up and smile the biggest SMILE possible:D Bat signal! U2 Zoo live at Bar Louie Water St. Right Now!!!!!! The CATS get it done again! On to the SHIP! One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters! C-A-T-S CATS CATS CATS! Best Burt line EVER. To Kurt: "...and you dress like you own a magic chocolate factory." he a thug now. Been designing like a madman of late but it seems that I have hit a media wall. I need to master other design tools to present my ideas... dress normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol says Oh no, not another learning experience! So i def asked someone special on a date tonight. Sorry i fell for mr. Wonderful... Lob city 3 more points what a games crazy Why the yucky weather....yuck! Lol! :) How To Increase Conversions On Dental Websites: IDA&#39;s Dental Marketing Portals Turn Leads Into Appointments I hope the PDF viewing has been improved. That's the main reason I put my 2G (RIP) Kindle away. No way to resize PDF text. yeah well we still have #2, that's good enough for me. what up yo?! Long time no see Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny. Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames. Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again? i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head....idk how to feel about this.... They're all great. San Diego would be lucky to have any of them as mayor #sdmayor12RT : Who should I root for? Can't help wht I got . Gotta make do w/ it hey thanks for the $5 bucks Samsung Oh, no no no. My playlists do all the talking, it's pretty embarrassing. Funny how the tone of the music legitimately changes. I will punch you in chest and make ur shoulders clap idk maybe cuz i know u so its s bit surreal to see u on the front of a remy weave box lol Havnt been on here for a while ;p Follow me on (; where did u find the scores? Must you be a sarcastic asshole when I'm like totally not in the mood to deal with anyone's bs? Making some production notes on our new song "Sorry For That" today! Getting ready to have a new song for you! Who's excited!? Downloaded the books last night but haven't had a chance to look through them too much yet. Hoping it was worth it ;) #vegetarian RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California, USDA says - Bloomberg News' i need kid rock tickets 2 b day bash 15th hey momma !! Hey Young World!!! yes! I hear those are expensive... save the phone, you get a new one every two years anyway :P thanks for the follow back. Great job on the podcast. nmmm I just got home(; u? I think we got our dough *too thin*! It's going to be a great week for Dogging in Indy this week... SHARON NEEDLES! Having movie night at my house yea the cheapest I've seen is 70 + FlipBook App on the iPad + Droid to FlipBook saving = long car ride boredom averted! Lift my hands and spin around I am new to it also no im not!! Theres only 4 people have called me pretty other that my mom ._. ): My company issued 2007 Lenovo T61 has finally cracked from the pressure of a 4-day folder sync. Spinning for 2 hours. Played the board game called "Game of things" lastnight with my besties! We were some crazy girls.......haha Early bird... gets the last of the milk. (last tweet should have been accompanied by a hashtag: #LeaveTheCrowAlone) It's all worth it in da long run The Silk Tie likes Piers! Can we get you a better tie? thesilktie.com Actually, on second read of that story, I find that headline misleading. Cleveland, as far as we know, is still shrinking. A7: They do not have insurance or ability to self pay. I deal with this EVERY DAY. My biggest struggle in intervention. There's no glue at our house... Looks like I'll be finishing this project in the morning. You are so not a Ms.!!! LOL! Regardless Of How It Goes Down;Life Goes On.. yes it is I am also very happy that the miners were rescued:) Rytes Warriors 2013 heading to Semi-Finals vs Golden Isles Warriors (Alabama) at 2:00 pm.. Beat Killeen Elite in Qtrs. #Rytes Warriors the key 2 a straight up swap is that it must b a win-win 4 everyone. happy weekend. Hubbyz grounded. My other love has a year in jail... FML.. I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me Human Papillomavirus (HPV) is transmitted through vaginal, oral or anal sex as well as skin-to-skin contact. completed her food and exercise diary for 03/20/2012 and was under her calorie goal no nevermind. i'd never do that. Watching Ridiculousness then going to sleep! Looking forward to rooting for our beloved Lakers in the playoffs! lmao so when u wake up BAM he's there You must be Above the bar r those who have coughed up the dough. Indulged Hubby 1 father's day a few years back. Call to make last minute reservations for Meet the Farmers! Featuring , PASA, Clarion River - 412-281-2602 Yes very stylish blazer. The yellow color is perfect for Spring. really need to go shopping again Julio Jones is the best WR in the NFL. How many times must I unsubscribe from your marketing email list before I stop receiving email? thats probably what happened to my back! always hunched over playing! ps. i saw the rockstar video and you def lived up to it!! that feed has been a rich find. Let me run em down: Violent Femmes! BoDeans! Speech from Arrested Development! Braid/P-Ring, etc! Beer...check...UFC on FOX...check... i LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! cool.. where was it taken? Also can we post your twitter name as the Jagoff catcher or go anonymous? I forgot my notebook. Having fun tweeting about #paycon! The best part of #roundup is seeing people you know from high school and being so drunk you can't actually remember if they go to UT or not. #WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies Happy Weekend to all!!! Springing forward on the most beautiful day in Miami! Sunny, breezy, it's the life! Doing some research and stumbled across this kid from the uk fux with the uk heavy, wouldn't mind taking my talents there. Wooooohoooooooo!!! Go Kings!!! It's rarely legal protests that change history, good on them. Almost has been a full year since Einstein! began writing "This Night Will Never End" would anyone be interested in hearing a new E.P? Neglecting animals is a crime, mister. This shit scripted. How you gain access to someone else room?! W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery is possible the weakest team out east Could've done way better at Tryouts but w.e I tried. It is what it is :/ "#linkeddata used by NY Times to provide context of terms described in Times articles." WIN A PRIZE by tweeting suggestions on how we can improve #GISITR or email them to damn, did Forsyth not come through? I thought I saw them on the list earlier phrase for the day is: turn up! You BAD young woman! :) Start of February the right way with 99Cent Ground Beef & Chicken Fajita Tacos from 6-close Monday-Friday this week! ill help ya! You need to get on linkedin too....that's a great professional networking site. So sorry to hear that news. Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. . . . and the Bulls poop the bed. Now that my e-session in DC is rescheduled, time to get a workout in!! where steelhouse used to be by barroom and saddleridge Gig confirmed for SXSW at East Avenue Lounge! Details to come soon.... lesbian or straight, its pretty simple Good morning Fitness World. today is the beginning of the rest of your life, make that lifestyle change to BE HEALTHY.. Loving Monday Yo dawg, I heard you like Twitter, so I'm Tweeting while I'm sitting in a meeting about Twitter. RT : WE ARE BEING EVICTED! WE ARE BEING EVICTED! I just hope that knows regardless of what happens, ill always be here. Always Another Saturday = another full day working in a coffee shop for sure!!! . at : public sector #servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, "no" is safer, own the market, have limited control It'd be nice if the good luck is contagious! I know you are a ways away, but are you thinking of attending the comedy show this week? 8 more days till school ends There's 5 calories in a teaspoon of semen. Can I get u a 100 calorie pack, miss? For sure, drop me a line at and we can figure it out You have no idea how much fun it is to speak English in a drug store until you live in a place where English just doesn't get you very far. Work gives me crazy hours for months now I have none all i need is a large bottle of vodka and i can make it through this day. Yay i get to bowl with my own ball and shoes! guess what? Got me an IPad! My wife is incredible! Sad to hear about the death of #MCA. Best of luck to the rest of the gang going forward. He #LicensedToIll for sure. #RIP Man that's good :)) your in college right? sorry to hear Got my car out of the driveway! :D What was your favorite toy when you were a kid? #Dbacks are overdue for a comeback this season. Seemed to happen every other game last season Bizarre ER is my favorite show in the WORLD x I guess its time to buy a pair of flats to keep at your desk! I need an alarm clock for my birthday -__- Wow 4 unanswered goals by ND in 6 minutes... ugh creep I may wanna spend every single day with my boyfriend but if it makes me happy I don't see a damn thing wrong with it. Dinner I am thinking about ground turkey, brown rice and broccoli... No Message exist in your products advertisement list. RT : My 1st review! "Social commentary and familiar tropes make [Modelland] an enjoyable guilty pleasure."... Tbh I wanna cry right now #SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with yea once It's just too bad the Caps will never have a 2 goal lead. Ever. how's the school year started for you? Good morning! Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday? Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did? Yay, you came out of the Twitter protection program! Email me an update sometime! Have you guys found a temp replacement yet? I don't want to admit defeat, but my limits are right in front of my face. What bad decisions? --Glynn YOU WON! :P last full day! ....then exams -___- Gotta give it up to the fans of #OKC they do that arena justice Damn it's almost halftime of the Lakers game smh Not impressed with this Nectarine-Pomegrante Coconut water... Tastes like Amoxicillian to me.. blah My lil brother is being extra random right now man its time to slay these thing u call legs Money, Money, Money is the sequence, without it I'm scratchin...lottery tickets Office gem of the day, courtesy of : "Don't mess. With the CSS." bad news for the people of San Diego and the future of the park. There is no friend as loyal as a book #Twitter #Addicted . Mat Class Sale: TODAY ONLY : 10 classes ONLY $100. (That's saving $15/class!) Are you serious Office design is done! A sketch to reality. Raise a glass of red to toast. Now Why does it always feel like there are never enough hours in the day?? I don't argue with simple females... That's free promotion ! #GetLikeMe . to keep up in the "who can be the better lariah" contest, taylor bankus had to go and get married too :P Do Ya thang Miss Jackson Love You iight i got you. Imma get on right now PEOPLE: vote Fun To Be Around Clown Dressed and ME-Best Smile #textanalytics understanding has variations across verticals, horizontals and even differs across applications! Examples coming up... Lying sack of shit. Can u fall in love with the same person twice? Why do you make comics? Cats fed It's 28F out there in April. Strange. Why do they have a red-carpet at WH Correspondents' Dinner? And why are there no correspondents there? ill miss you! “: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert” May have taken "want a little Irish in you?" too far. Just injected a leprechaun into my bloodstream to find the pot of gold in my liver. And MFA thesis I is Advanced. Story bootcamp for your book. You'll see. We have a great time. RT : We will be closing early tonight for Our Holiday Party at 5pm. So make sure to stop by before then. Rebecca Black is never wrong. It is a profound riddle: Which is front and which is back, trust or doubt? I need more followers come on and show some love it should be! Many changes ahead for them! ALL the Senators Who Voted Against the "Violence Against Women Act" Were Republican Men. u already know At Nicks getting something to eat. Lisa and I just had pictures made with Chinese delegates are over 700 of them in attendance--young and dynamic group! Finish this Irish! I use to use MEL but decided to make a play on my first name & middle name theeir my initials What is The Avengers and why is everyone talking about it? Specializing in the identification of secretaries, technology, word processing, support staff and legal administrative staff. BIZARRE...RT : With #Bieber, #50cent and #TripleH in your corner!! How can you lose lol Where are y'all throwing' back 'ritas today for Cinco de Mayo?! RT : Did I already say: God reminded me of His faithfulness today. Treat a person you really care about like shit Cruel intentions soundtrack is just on point woo! i also get called sir regularly. richmonders are Struggling With This! Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :) I agree 100%! Unfortunately, some things are out of our control. gettin my years supply of storeable foods at www.thereadystore.com they got everything if you aint seen it yet Thought about car wash coupons for your business fleet? That's what we do! You can never say your wrong even though you clearly are. and for destroying that goon Ryan Seacrest's tux! you're welcome! :) I pay Cherie to say those things! Lol:) I ride a horse named mercy With a coat that's the colorofhope When you needsomeone we will comegalloping Carrying golden rope It's Thursday & ur probably ready 4 a little sumpin' right? RU ready 4 A Little Sumpin' Wild? Well that's just what we have 4 u on tap now! Go see The Help! Excellent movie! Rude people at work <<< Friggin teen night is where it's at bro. And now to wash all the "Jersey Shore" out of my hair and off of my face. I better get an "A" for this. You have not replied to my request! The more people i meet the more i wanna be with you !<3 You've entered right? So you COULD be the winner of a $700 Macy's Card or $100 from Jeni's Ice Cream!... Last night was something else but oh well on to the next day with a can of new ambition Ethier deserved it way more!! smh :( Ah! MT : 5 weeks ago today the arbitration hearing began in NY on Ryan Braun's appeal of a positive drug test. One more test left of my junior year. Rise and shine fucker classic river trip ThanksGiving dinner would be amazing high Backed up my files. Just wiped my drive. Now reinstalling lion. I hope I didn't miss any important files! Guess who's got two thumbs and has been hangover-free for two years? THIS GIRL! no maam we called and checked the lost and found. Pissed at Jets loss to Tebow now have to have lunch with former Cowboy Bill Bates today who also coached Tebow in High School Late to school... Shocker we are fighting! fighting to keep the $100K beneftis and salary packages we are entitled to from taxpayers! Singin songs about Texas with Our school, too. Wins Stupid Rule Award of the year. RT : So you can't play tag at school anymore? So says my 8 year old. RT : Resorts & condos: New ADA Pool Lift rules in effect March 15. Don't comply & it's a $60K fine. Avoid it with our help.... LOL, that happens to me every day in this stupid building that has the pull bars on both sides of the door. If I was a boy I'd treat girls with respect... I could lay in my bed and watch Friends for the rest of my life Sigh...I know, right? Thanks for following! :) I'm feeling the love! vocab. looks fade getting back to django - playing with template technology for an upcoming project. and it's Abercrombie who knows how expensive it was sorry julian missing college today...wish I were on a #derbydays mission this morning Hello how are you? follow me link doesn't work It still doesn't make any sense to call Obama a Communist when he's a corporate roller That tweet was racthet ass hell because there aren't even any tigers in Africa.. lol Always bear in mind, that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing. — Abraham Lincoln Drive safe everyone... it's looking bad out there! Who's ready for #summer? :) you better be at my apartment in the next two hours missy !! Watching w We don't agree on much, but do agree that the homie Mike Murphy rocks some swagtastic glasses. just bought 's #AllAmerican album Just restarted the web stream due to audio sync issues, so if anyone's having trouble, refresh the page You here for ADI? Have to be up for work in less than 4 hours! what's the word on the arrestee? Good to connect again! As for photog stuff... is amazing. I'm hoping she has a good referral for you :) i love it!! haha and yeah i did(: It was great being on the search and display panel with you at the digital summit! Great conversation. Listening To Up All Night :) All day, everyday :) Today show on the 18th forr Usher! Oh good grief. going to CDs crib to work on some hooks n lyrics on some dope a$$ tracks created by DJ KMT. Gonna be in the studio Saturday Night..!! Word. ": SHUT UP! I love mariachi bands!!" You just really love Brown... Yep, I know you i msgd you. I don't really like hendricks Had my medicine feels like a while since i aint had in two days Gregory Corso was in prison for burglary. cash most def!! Bc it can be used anywhere :) thinks Miley is just like any of us growing up. At least she doesn't smoke crack I will move back to my original name. i just wanna go on amazon and buy the 3 books i want/need Just finished our #HackforChange project. Now to present... No problem, and no pressure :) Hope to catch you at the show if not at our place. Its okay to be at a bar at 10am because I'm watching football. thanks so much to our FANTASTIC speakers Chris Rachel Herbert Patrick & Tom and THANKS to our attendees! couldn't do this without you! i seriously have no idea what ur talking aboout My 2012 Immigration Webinar Schedule includes March 29th - The Employment Path to Permanent Residency.DM me for details. Catching up on my tweets and looking for others to follow Best Av goalie playoff games: Roy vs FLA game 4 Cup clincher, Roy vs NJ game 6 2001, Craig Anderson tonight - awesome! what do you mean ? My brother does not understand the value of a dollar. I'm honestly not in the mood today ! Robert Mirabal says to #NM don't get xray'd at airport. Go for pat down & pretend it's a full body TSA smudge. good! I didn't really want to explain it. Pahaha. x) Sure am! In bed Palomar!! Time to start my day!! Yes! RT : Pierre Thomas gave the ball to his mom according to Lovely gesture. And worth the flag. Its my sweet sixteen on saturday *.* woohoo :)) .. Happy Easter everyone! Happy Administrative Professionals Day! We salute our own, along with all you great people out there who make it happen where you work! how long have you been with ? (: #AskConstancio <3 we can't end the IU game! I know it's about money but it makes us look scared, especially after the buzzer beater! i guess 9 pm is a little early for bed. I will be in a Discovery Network show coming up this summer. With props. Nothing like some very ripe strawberries. :) Lost Without You <3 #ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Swag Club thank you thank you and back atcha Only three weeks until GROSVENOR SQUARE's release! Please keep the #FF for AHP coming! I appreciate the support <3 Bucks BLOW-OUT Lakers in LA. Great team effort tonight omg I luv Biron..his eyes are amazing! i totally agree!!! I actually tuned I to te food network and the sandwich W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa we're 10 likes away :) RT PLEASE! <3 seems rather scary! You are better off with buy in! Most businesses close the deal before the meeting Up on Reverb Nation, which is NOT the same as Reverb City....go figure I wanna give a heart warming S/O to for calling me back like he said he would! thanks man!! Having an amazing day & its only 1:49 . how ur braves??? I don't want to screw up this world with my ways. Should be cheering for the Bucks, but is in town! WE ARE MARQUETTE. Tonight's Special: Pulled Pork Sandwich. Eat it! Then stay for trivia! you have season tickets? RT It's race weekend! Time to get your game faces on. Oh. I see. Well, we did have stuff spread over too many things in GDoc. Perhaps that's a hinderance of the easiness of the it. Thats the reason why you dont text me back.. I do what I want and no she is not the keyboard player she sings Life sometimes can be ridiculous! hey what's Carter's handle? Another great Monday of Music to start of another week at I'm livin just for the minute you have too many heroes. Sure, the links are fine. Please email to . Thanks! Hey Everyone-- Tune in on Tuesday, November 15th at 6:00pm PT (9:00pm ET) for a behind-the-scenes look at my new... done and done. Tigers with the walkoff win...woo hoo thanks for the #ff some great suggestions in both lists! I am a big fan read the FAQ! seems legit to me... Obama has a war on Freedom. Welcome to San Diego! Yay! Great news! ugh! I hate when that happens. And then when it gets all pins and needles...ouch! I agree with you. I like all the other judges but I just can't stand to watch her. there is nothing better than waking up feeling refreshed! and thanks :) excellent chat with about the book biz. On to #book^2 and This year's cataloguing class at Univ. of Lugano concurrent w/ ArtBasel and the Argerich Festival. Scrambling to work both into curriculum. Hi there! lol! Thanks for laughing! Until we meet again! :-D Fair and 65 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are East at 12.7 MPH (11 KT). The pressure is 1016.2 mb and the humidity is 2 This Friday,after Meredith's Power Yoga class in Midtown,we will celebrate happy hour at Salumeria w/ $2 Peroni, $3 wine & free bruschettas! Running late for work smh RT Thinking about 9/11/2001. I remember where I was and how scared I was...But we must remain vigilant. #9/11 Get 'em in, and then get 'em traded! Dear North Carolina, I can not express how disappointed I am in you at this moment. writing tonight so hard my hand hurts. #writersblock cured!! Despite snow, well over 100 adventurous people came out to our Purely Social at Harbor House last night! Such a great time. I guess it's all about perspective, how one CHOOSES to look at a problem..issue, or even other's pain, feel me? painful! RT : Just brought my vacuum outside for a moment, & a tree fell on it. I forgot about nature and vacuums. Did you take pictures?! You know how much I love shirtless. Welcome to Todd Shaffer, our newest fan!! Thanks for liking our page, now, tell all your friends in western Pa about the Golden Goodness! damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you! Lol Happy Friday from San Francisco #ff photographer commercial Napa wedding Silicon Valley siliconvalley bay area Will do...Sorry to hear that Uni's undefeated I have the feeling that Dany is going to take what is hers....preferably through fire and blood I dont know if my day could get any better! Its awesome! ahha I'm weak Like your next tweet about the Tyler Perry and Kim K in-his-movie-foolishness: I'm totally with ya! when it starting? In 2001, I went deaf in Reno. Now it's 2012, AND I'M BACK. : it is a cool story;) they're awesome dogs, so fun!! I hope you get to meet one too :) LMK if you're ever in Austin and you can meet Rain! Pas de tout! There are six internships in Web Design, if you are interested contact me. Current ILIS students only. make it nassty When do we get to dress you in diamonds ? Every day, Americans eat an estimated 18 acres of #pizza. That's a lot of pizza! researchers from berkeley institute of design skyping into designX tonight for local design research roundtable. next week -- global. I'm biased towards WP (I've never built in Joomla. Hated the backend when I looked at it). WP is just better + easy + not ugly :D See where google is driving traffic, but where the conversions are taking place says Happy birthday to Oscar Combs Have you spoken to our player personel department ? email me and I can forward your info to them you are truely a man of wisdom. Hate it when the girl is texting... I want to flip my table everytime You don't like me? .. It's ok I never obsessed over you for the past 3 weeks anyway Congrats, Bob! Great news. The All Night Express are backstage. They mock the Young Bucks for not getting it done in the ring this week. hahha seriously trypin all extra hard about to break keys #JRBourne on #Fringe tonight!! Heavy sigh... I get no camera time! Which is good cause you know me. Haha Born To Lose, But I Die To Win... Get ready for spring rush 2012! Thank u!!!Next ones on me! "On the Mountains of Truth, You can never climb in vein" Nietzsche . #perseverance #G=S #PDX It was awesome watching history in the making as you gave proclamation to Pacific NW Black Pioneer Exhibit in City Hall If you see me don't say hi lol jk but yeah I look like shit, fascinating! We have nothing like that here... Hm... This may be the source of the confusion.... Me: But it's my birthday! Jeff: It's not, really, anymore Its official, I am done w/ snow, ice, snow flurries, freezing rain & sleet. Get above 32 degrees already and get off the #NY roads! because everything you report is wrong? wow, that's great, thx for letting me know about the grooveshark play! Fell asleep at my desk last night.. that friend that all of you hate causes he's an asshole, but he's our asshole he's nice Follow him Our aspirations are our possibilities. - Robert Browning #survivor yeah never mind. I say the jury votes for themselves and split the $ you never answered my question of when our wedding was.... We also have a new GSA logo! It will appear online and on our printed materials. you're welcome! Happy with the way things are going with ! <U+0001F603> Glad we are working on things! Same here. classic episode. Spreading star dust and moon beams inspiring kids everywhere! “: Cant sleep”>>I can never sleep smh Can not wail til tonight. My bestie grant is staying the night ^.^ can you please follow please!? :) This boy just told me I'm the coolest gay dude he has m One Hit Imma Knock It Out Tha Park ; ) lack of concern ftw kinda/sorta but I'm not complaining. I'm fine, I'll live lol. We just got followed by some creep in his car&the 2nd time around, he waved so we ran through a parking lot when he took a different street. Gonna try something new with my hair for tomarrow. Wish me luck. Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Get your trivia on tonight (and enjoy a three-piece, fried chicken dinner with two sides... haha heck yes! Sounds like a busy morning. Dont wear yourself out... ;-) So excited for Christmas weekend!! what does the message say?????? No severe weather here in Houston. Just another muggy day. How's the weather in your part of the country? can't wait to see you again! Jingle Ball will be Epic! This is pretty entertaining. c: Game time round 2,let's kick another final's ass mca was in deep dodo when they laid off ir/ie staff leaving them #data blind. that video......story of my life man. Lmao What subject? To hot out here Seeing myself on tv is rather hilarious! Newschannel 9 Anti-Bullying show... night guys im going to be posting more of my story tomorrow! i posted alot of parts today! haha story in my favs! ily thanks for the support #Boston what's good? So, victory? Did man win, or did the pizza conquer all :) Will Rubio's new book have more words than his last one..."100 Ideas for Florida," that contained 100 blank pages... I have not had experience with either. Cru is from the best vineyards right? I don't think anything is as cool as the aggregate sound of the Clocks and Watches exhibit at the British Museum. Beautiful. Cool, EGT sent me an email to see if I wanted to do some interviews. Uh Yes Please :) Lunch is always accepted! no; would be problematic with very large result files NMSM pays for referrals. Friends or family thinking about satellite TV? Get me together with them. This can be a win/win/WIN introduction! rumsfeld! rumsfeld! 6 tweets in a day, personal record? what's the coffee intake? Got a "man-crush" do ya?!?! LOL I can totally see why!! He is a #hottie! S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$ Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series.. Hey at least we made the second round -shrugs- I'm sorry I'm not perfect THAT SOUNDS TERRIFYING! RT: Oh how I want to shoot you guys when I'm back in Chicago in March :) Jazz Vocalist/Songwriter Lisa McGlown Teams up with Music Legend Candi Staton on Beracah Records, Inc. to Release Jazz Single, “Tenderly” I'm still giggling when I think about how likes his Mexican food. she was yelling "ewwww" so I thought there was like a bug or something but no, it was just my bra. Hahaha #nowplaying good feeling (: Tattoo Crew. FACT: That is my exact height and weight It all comes down to the people who make you change your mind<3 RT : Wow, just blew every other OEM out of the water. Fantastic spot showcasing Detroit the city as more than... You Cant Make Everyone Be Your Friend... I just considered getting a life coach, but I should probably get a life first. huge win. I thought Rodgers was gone. Herrera is terrible. Good trade. Love these #design gurus ff# If your not registered to vote, what are you waiting for?????? DARK SHADOWS TRIVIA QUESTION FOR "DARK SHADOWS" MOVIE PREMIERE TICKETS, coming up nice Engel post...I think my pal has a crush. :-) Hey ! Hubby-to-be & I just bought game tickets for the day after our wedding! Just heard that Contra Costa Jewish Community Center has announced today it is closing its doors within 48 hours. What?! Whoa!! Was it the acting or the script? Word. Never is more like it. RT : Messi was just stonewalled in front of the goal thrice. Don't see that often. - I think you would like Korean escargot - it's more like clam than stinky snail :) cc Crazy day! Emergency shoot for Harvard Law Review in Malibu and then to Newport Beach! NKOTBSB in DC tomorrow! :) red or purple lipstick today....purple it is, got that ruffle/prince thing goin on 2day yeah me too! Guess we will have to stay up late and try and get noticed and we'll tweet them so much <AB Should work as long as they don't mind the puppy being public Just two this month. As for time, I am lacking it. And I should be working right now. In fact... Me-e-eeeah You mean you've been having Wendy's for 4 days straight, (= Do you count MD as north? ;) Stop playing PR politics and do your job. The American economy is a lot more important than Norquist's pledge Tavon Austin is also the man yes & also recognize we r in uncharted h2o... the creative unknown me too. get well soon! boy i hope not. i mean, i ran into people... but i believe both of you are married. enough said. Law and Order : SVU lmao molina!!!! im weak!! RT Get the F*** out the way with your under the speed limit limit driving a** IM LATE!!!! Sorry I'm not sorry won. Happy Mother's Day Week to all the real moms who set the right example and who have mastered the art of balancing motherhood with womanhood. I'm finally 18 today!!!!:D To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening. Bring artistically and politically minded people! Where's the watermelon. OMG your back! I missed you :D Sure thing, but u following me back would be the coolest <3 Much love always! If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me. Death by happy. I agree - Set ridiculous fitness goals! - "If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it." -- Albert Einstein Moments away from the opening face-off on #WesternNight at The rival in the house tonight. Alex Gajic returns. Anytime. RT : Just finished the half, and that sounds great right about now. there was a time when my world was full of darkness. One week until so many amazing bands and #Michigan brands! Moms signing for her new truck Production on the second installment of Dexter: Dorm Room Days starts tonight! It's going to be a killer shoot.. Good morning twitter Its quiet in the car.... what the subtweet is going on in here? ECO Friendly Home Improvement Retail Store Announces Grand Opening Happy Birthday enjoy! Omygoshh! Mona is A!! Feeling a little better, or at least dont feel like I'm gonna die today... its been 3 days now, and I have 7 more to go until im off meds :/ OH #citycampsf: "So go into sediment?" ~ works on watershed data tables with a remote participant. green tea extract is another one that can speed up metabolisim . No problem. I just really like and I think we need it in Japan! Thinking the Giants will win it all. Kush blunts and big butts is a rescipe for a good friday night Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted. I <3 u! How many people are waiting for #TheVow premiere? #RachelMcAdams #ChanningTatum <U+2665> In Asian Restaurant in Australia tonight and Chinese waiter says: #1& #2 are playing football today in US-right? Small world! Go Tigers! I know theres like rarely Indians on twitter they are much on facebook!! It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S Truman Very nice. Enjoy! Hi my name is Marshall im an alcoholic, i have a disease and they don't know what to call it Next rehearsal: rite with lynne and melissa A&Ms Byrne says he didn't pass on$150m deal 4 combined network idea. But UT's Dodds didn't take this risk knowing $$ was a given! Marbles? No...they were under the couch... i often find myself organizing the dirty dishes before washing them. Sounds good! Star Wars party tonight?? Lol RT : Friends in waco please: tear down a field goal, burn couches, go streaking and shut down Scruffs. Thank you. lmfao umm okay. I'm weird, but last night was fucking fun Happy to help out! 23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #9: Kolsch - Classic German Golden Ale This familiar bliss came back all too quickly, and i can't help but love every moment of it. Bring on the Christmas! Wish I had a brother Really, Ryan Braun? Unbelievable. abaorbeisnheksiendujs AH OMG Cherry just burned the shit out my finger .... see the way my kids love the fiction dog Bolt more than the puppy we just brought home one week ago. Fiction wins 2night. Thanks to & for helping us raise $ yet again for ! Allison Pointe loves you guys! I'll check with one of my buds tomorrow. He owns a huge golf store. #wordsmyfolksusetosay RT : Long as I owe ya you'll never be broke. Off to a restaurant . x I'm going to be under the influence to the point where I already plan to have a cab. How do you think me cooking would turn out? Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars (esp small codes). Why am i still up!? I'm in one of those moods where I want to break expensive electronics. Ladies, if you don't want your chach broadcasted on television, you shouldn't wear a dress to a baseball game. Skirt up at your own risk! I looovvvvveee you baby! <U+2764> any recs for apps to read web server log files? I gots a bone to pick wit AdWords Every time I hear a Drake song I think of <33 oh okay haha thanks ! “: go to work!!! lol”>>>I'm SUPER late but LMBO you're a trip Bro <U+0001F601> Super excited abt Philly at the EOM<U+0001F601> Its official I have a set at the Club. That damn BeatKing. LOL, I need a intro drop for that shit bro. that Forgetting Sarah Marshell is always on Almost time to shine rumor has it u were visiting #Mke #Milwaukee ? Pandora knows me better then I know myself! Jesus Christ. Stop talking over callers. Even if they are morons, be a professional. The parking garage floors are identified by different instruments. Wild!! oh and thanks for your #Bachelorette update. Didn't know our local guy didn't make it. told me more Working in the studio. <3 its alabama haha you get used to it especially the humidity Men With Hats It's never too late guys!! I keep thinking I hope my underwear is clean & that I should work out more. Happy 414 day MKE! Today the party is at Cans. PBR, music by Delta Routine, Hugh Bob -WhyB and on the decks great to meet u too! It was awesome! Keep me updated about LA shows! Feel inspired on your Friday night! Join us for Openness in Autumn: Poems of Queer Sex and Queer Love tonight from 6-8pm. A long day followed by a long night...just had my cup of coffee and I'm ready to go! first workshop today - lots of good ethics talk. glad to be here. Vancouver = amazing Be at rest o my soul for my God is in control. Love this new book by #lcsouldetox is going to be an epic series. Get here! "The Vow" grossed 41 million...gross. yep G5 on TNT. But you know I'm not a Heat fan! baby!!! Mama needs to clean out her inbox. sort of late, but i wish everyone a happy new years. make this one a good one! Think about an America within our reach. An economy built to last. Where hard work pays off, and good work is rewarded. ~President Obama Baltimore taxi drivers need shields in cabs and cameras in taxi office to fight peonage debt bondage. is something wrong, girly? it's all in the temperature of your oil, the type of oil you use and your herb and spices combination. I see. Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with. I don't have 15 yrs. to learn Photoshop or Illustrator! That's right private flight money gets stacked to the highest heights Finally i finished i had 2 think bout those facts ;p hahaha, more alc always does the trick! Tear it up mang! If anyone has had enough of this damn sunshine I'm about to watch "My Girl". At 7. In a basement. Feel free to join me. Bring ice cream. follow back please :o) Polar opposite effect. Wahi Media selected as a finalist for 2010 Small Biz Excellence Award by Tall Chamber of Commerce. "its too hot to fart." - We can live to die, but we can't die to live Yes, I believe he is. Awesome kid although he'd give me a heart attack sometimes, lol #SavvyBrandingTip: People are not only buying your product or service, they are buying YOU. You are your BRAND! Last call mixshow Mothers Day edition we got u with the female bangers new hits for ya sick back and relax I just realized the Woman I Love is Music...Aint No Bitch Like Her. She Excites me. She's my "FireCracker". Music is My "Spark". I'm Sorry.. Just saw a guy wearing a full tilt hat. Major tool. hid the remotes from me! Now i have to watch basketball -__- We really like how press releases are indexed so quickly...awesome content marketing opportunities. I hope you can tell I'm joking :) sucks to be a star LOL Well lucky for you, you're other good taste in music saved you. You're still my friend ;) ": happy birthday boo boo" thank you sexy ;) wish I was ta school woulda made a scene smh ahah ily #FF back at ya and thank you. how's it going HHJ Cooke rules in Warwick v. TTEE in BR of Yarwood case involving an alleged disposition made before BR petition: [2010] EWHC 2272 (Ch). Dressed like its 80 degrees out. Let's do this thang. Respect to #japan for hangin in there! Let's go It only makes the reader aware ur actually human. And no1 has a perfect life My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk gonna go get tatted soon Shoutout to black Dr. Who. Which news channel to watch tonight: Rachel Maddow to celebrate with allies, or Fox News to taste the bitter tears of my enemies? Scams are scams, no matter the medium. Loved the shout-out!! Thx! Away 20 minutes, & shirtless presidential candidates and public lewdness (unrelated to said candidates) have taken over my twitter feed? Show tonight at Skrappys with MURDERDEATHKILL. Come hang out. Just ate half a row of Oreos and it's raining out and the heater's busted and the basement's wet. That's all I got. Im From OKC :D Professor teaching us off of #Wikipedia mmmmalright. I would like to finally have my dream come true to meet and I really want a boyfriend, a puppy, and an iPhone 4s #AskSanta :) About to hit up the town. Now GAC is playing You Gonna Fly video by A Great Great Way to start the day:-) Yay for this beautiful day!! Great Activities planning meeting last night. Look for lots of announcements. The Jacket Backers are planning for a great season. Whoever She Is <3 Probably at some point, but not right off the bat. Gotta figure out who the real players are ;) I mean the rio or twin peaks and you can my meet my crazy friend from north Carolina If that's how you spell her name Yes! GM! RT Good morning, grateful for a new day. :) Hi Tim, Praying for you! Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside! I'm 5 deep in Two Hearted. No work tomorrow so I'm good! for sure... I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday Lmao i Will when Jesus comes tell me what you think when you see it Looking for a Desktop Support job. Need to get to work. Willing to relocate if I receive a serious offer. Without discipline, there's no life at all I just bought some Me and My Dad tryna trick my Mom into it crazy, right?? It's not productive conversation... Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose Caught 2001 there last year, so prolly not for that one. Might do ET though. You? are there any games scheduled this week? Finna work on my English essay I think you'll like it. It gets into that's definitely paying it forward! Haha How're you? hate you. nope! Haha not at all YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 8 Sounds fun! Looking forward to the select image. You would have paid $4 for those books in our outlet shop. Donkey Diner in Coral Bay, St. John USVI has great ricotta pancakes AND great atmosphere. My stepdad & sister asked my mon for something & she said "No why are you asking me for things on mothers day. Y'all are going to hell" LMao hehehe I told my mom that she swore at you she's very upset i gotta go buy a big razor! Mom won't let me use ours :( I'm in for all pool parties The natural pH of hair is a little acidic. Keep that in mind when manipulating hair with product. um tim went to prison got billy...talk about heart! just saying! Had fun seeing ya! You were funny like usual! whoa, I just tried google directions 3D! Better than some rollercoaster! Plain White T's concert tonight. Disney tomorrow. :) super excited. Wedding season is officially here! If you'll be in town for a wedding, call us for reservations! I have the song cockiness stuck I. My head. Why?? CP shuts down the A's-- Tribe wins it 2-1 When you back from the A? umm u cant kick u cripple lol lol you're welcome girl Me too! Rehearsal for staged reading of "Los Embrujados" tomorrow. Going to warm up with some tacos first. LOL! You are WAY too organized if you cross "have morning coffee" off your list. Oh and it wasn't me. The California state bar believes I am a worse criminal than a lawyer with two drunk drivers. I would never kill anyone. God bless you! <3 Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars? Bitch, im Voldemort <------ CTFU to funny id rather have sex with myself! Sitting at this desk at work falling asleep.... If I have to lose you to anyone, I'm proud for it to be Ppl fail to realize that Lebron is still that dude.... Hate it or not.. Do you mind doing me a favor? I'm just sayin I got love for pigmalleon Who's ready for there copy of #COD #BLackOpps a week early?!!..i know i am..i will only have around 50 copies so 1st come 1st serve what would you think of the Bills taking Glenn over Reiff? oh my god!!! how many times do u message them?? HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN Waken...Baken...Celebrating the Holiday good to meet you. We'll have a proper chat later this week! And the best host award goes to...... I missed you today :( Happy 2 have U! MT : Check out annual Stutz Artists Open House tonight! Proud to have office surrounded by artists!... Albino zebras probably look the same as well, apart from the blue eyes. awesome music!!! Fun practice =) Have a small Holiday Decorating business, we specialize in Designing, Installing, take down and storage of customers lights Hi! Just wondering, is 45,000 the minimum WC for YA novels? The reverse side also has a reverse side. you need a Chicago location, having to eat and instead Almost at our goal of reaching 300 followers. We're giving out 5 free journals once we get there. Thursday is Lumpy Rug Day–a day to celebrate & appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing 5/3! Morning all.. Looking forward to hearing of fame in #Vagoose at the #AAMKT #PSTECH - after #Facebook is down. Just when I learned how to use it. yes yes Goddess #WhatILoveMost a beautiful smile that my heart smile. Not an easy task though. My haircut is so bad I had not thought death had undone so many sweet! Have so much fun!!! :) maybe the Harry interview from that magazine is fake…like when someone made a cover to a magazine say "Taylor Lautner confirms he's gay" Seriously Jess? lololol I love you <3 Woke up this morning to a big donation to from the Grand Canyon 1-2-3 Rim Adventure Gang. Wow #speechless! Okay I saw a message from a while ago that said you didn't, but if they're not super busy then I'll get you a phone call. :) alright, i think i am too, depends on my mom. :) I'm enjoying hearing the european versions of a lot of stuff lately. I tried to be an import hound but it was expensive! Choose what you will lose. 1). Lose your fear and live your life or 2). Lose your life because of your fears. It's another Friday! :D We miss you Adam! ....and we miss you Captain Charisma! Typical sidney crosby...attack when you have the upper hand cower when you don't. Can not wait till the beach trip :) Thanks Josh! absolutely.. I'll see you soon.. Appreciate you big fella Had the time of my life this past week, amazing new memories (haiti, jamaica, caymen islands, cozumel) AGAIN please!!! Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me No sir, I believe you mean Andre 3000 looks like RG3. #090 you are pretty. you live in illinois and so do i. let's be best friends. lool See you boys tonight! IN THAT CERTAIN BAND BROKE HEART, AND IT'S LIKE I'M WALKING ON BROKEN GLASS. Looking forward to presenting my report at the CELA conference in LA tomorrow. A couple loglines from my 7th graders' awesome novel projects: 1. 15 y.o. Jackie uses a fake i.d. to buy lottery tickets. Then she wins... Planting a garden this year as a peace offering to the neighborhood majority. Cant think of anything the stray cats would like more. We heard about the film site that you're launching. We're based in Houston too. We'd love to chat with you. DM us. sorry 4 being hard on u brother but I hold u too high standards cuz I know what your capeable of that wasn't u last nite! You're killin' me here. -___- Matt, do you have any way of offering up indy based open tech job positions to verge community? Interested in sharing if possible talking on the phone with clients about #css and #html is just too much fun. seeing them connect the dots is bliss. :) The pungent smell of yr neighbours cooking fish never, ever, ever gets to be more tolerable. It's really sad that im listening to lady gaga right now North Korea needs to sit down! Cj.12 The same is true for the Julia Tutwiler Prison. inmate on inmate is high than staff on inmate She doesn't seem too upset for someone who was just forced into her car at gunpoint. One Of The Most Prettiest Girls -----> Glad I could help. They still have little to no service there and i know the workers are extremely busy. God bless! yes I'm here with my sister and nephew celebrating moms day Saw a kid in a letter jacket today. He's in his school's wrestling tennis band. I'd pay to see that. I love you to death!!!!!! Plz rt awww super relajadita :) <3'd my foot massage// now for a movie & then off to sleep, hasta 2moro ppl, sweet dreams!!! Ain't nuthin worst then a Football player who thinks he's good in basketball them while going down the list as you do so=me time for single payer. If the New Jersey Devils don't win tomorrow, it will be hard to deny the likelihood of a New York-LA mega-market Stanley Cup Finals clash. #Congress: “#Afterschool programs are important to a child’s growth and development as an individual.”–Natalie tweet tweet! flitting about the twittersphere. Work is so busy :( i hate when ppl " retweet " my shid & they not even following me . . Looking for Comic-Con news? AT&T quadrupled their capacity for the conference. Want to know more? Email me: . At least, that's what I used to use before it was blocked here. Been awhile, but was user friendly and simple. you are a very talented young man. I look forward to meeting you in l a Im now over 5000 followers. Thnks for the support Did you get what you wanted for Valentine's Day? Let us know! fixed your piece o shit dodge neon do us all a favor and buy a saturn next time got mad at my parents for making me get a job becuase i worked during prime wing night hours, SO I GET SARKU NOW heheheh The usual this weekend - party, trouble, women. Set for Ireland in Aug, should be having some fun in Chicago and Iowa this Summer. Did I forget to mention this is where the doors lift up! Welcome new followers (students) from the intro to news writing course I teach @ UW-Parkside. You guys are a wonderful group of students. I love all of these storms today! Lizard Lick Towing. Best TV show ever. My cousin once arm wrestled them both for his car back. He's camaro-less now. No worries! ok I will DM you my # Come'on #Baylor!! Fighting for the A friend of mine is looking for feedback on UCLA Film School Masters Program. Has anyone been? NOT loving the rain. I would prefer something white with a bit of fluff :( oh can't wait for this booookk ! #preordering (: #Imagine Austin: "My mom always taught me that nobody's perfect..I guess she lied." You: "Why?" Austin: "Because i met you." You get on top & start to ride, I pull you close to me & we just stare at each other. I can hear ur juices, I feel it running down my legs. That bullshit when you can't sleep and you finally do then your alarm goes off -___- Tweet tweet! Welcome to the twitterverse when life hand you lemons don't make lemonade unless there is sugar in it.. A LOT of sugar sweet like strawberries but cold like my heart I wish I was kidding. I think this is the house that has a heated driveway...? #don'tmesswiththeChoksis er one with meat 0_0 Holy Shit, that was hilarious School needs to hurry the fuck up! Happy Hour Blues tonight w/ guitar god Benito Dibartoli. Show starts @ 5. Plz swing by. If there is a will there is a way. If I'd know this is how it end I'd have rather you ignored me CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I'm always looking for a good game and this one is pretty darn fun!! : ) .." by Summer Lets jump in puddles n stuff. Just heard on TV how you are louder than Chicago's fan section. Tear it up & cheer your hearts out! #business litigation. The avg cost to litigate a patent case exceeds 7.0 mi. Efficient enforcement processes are key to protect innovation. It's almost tax season. offers FREE shredding for Montgomery County! lol I started stalking you when I first got it and I was like "really she can't follow me back" haha Rt I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good. How many fire trucks does it take??? When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! did u hear bout the hunger games contest from scholastic grand prize winner gets 2 go 2 the premier!!www.scholastic.com My entire Artfire studio is 50% OFF!!! This is my biggest sale before the holiday season- prices will not be lower this year!!! NIIAAALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song? Working my last Sunday reference shift. This would normally be a joyous occasion, but the main lab printer is borked. #Republicans crying #classwarfare" is like the the giant bully on the playground crying when the poor picked on kid finally fights back. well your a loser too then. If you watchd the show b4, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOIN IN THEY HOUSE Hello :D How awesome are you in real life? “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss Put the swing together, Gotta wash the bouncer cover, & then a BUNCH more diapers. Lol. Oh, & we have to put the crib together. #Crap x i am called by the men sometimes, blonde goddess. may your eyes come, “...caress the detail, the divine detail” Vladimir Nabokov Writers are full of dirty little tricks. The dirtiest being the ability to convince yourself that the world needs to hear your words. Little late finding your tweet but we really appreciate the mention! And we can't wait for more! It's all about connecting with the people of BH and harnessing a passion for a thriving community! shit . okay lemme ask for Saturday ! yes they could :) and I'm Alli again In Music Meeting- Tokyo Police Club “Wait Up” Like this a lot, it has a Robyn Hitchcock sound to it- yoohoo RT : Stamp Out Hunger is today! Remember to fill those bags and leave them by your mailboxes i am the best. i got drunk last night from beers but still got up in time to read the chapter and go to my seminar. The summer weather rolls in tomorrow.....just in time for the weekend. Send yourself & friends $1.00 Bartab drinks & shots! To be honest, I still really like the album. Thank you. Wow 9 follwers already, #MuchLove I love my I needed that laugh today Kobe has a million miles on his legs & he locking up young thunder cats Oh , I feel your insomnia pain. That thing better come ASAP so I can get new apt. SMH. Lord please y'all steady with shit even before YOU BROKE THAT CONTROLLER I was beating both y'all asses in black ops so stop the bull too bad you wont do it mrs bailey owes us a treat remember? follow back? ;] #ECET2 Listening to Matthew Springer from from National Center for Performance Incentives. Studied Nashville Incentives. Cold as F*#: outside 2day, aghhhhhh!!! I need to get back on the wagon... but the Burgers wagon is so much more fun LOL It should - those pedicabs are amazing - and always so nice! Francis Marion opens new facility in Ecuador the same could be said of bukkkanan re POC Ah, well hopefully you get it back soon! looks great. BASEBALL SEASON IS BACK!!!! Who's excited?? My hand is raised. You could go somewhere else, but their prices can't beat our quality! Imagination rules the world. that's not nice!!! Qld Govt launches 'full legal brief' on civil unions anything over 425 and I get freaked out. I just completed another Fat Shredder/ Into the Zone workout day! Met with Dr. Andrew Buchanan teacher at Randolph High School and the students he is bringing to the JFR dinner. Great group of students! thanks for the follow!! Hope you can make it to a show soon!! MLK Long Beach: Memories of business owners on MLK watching their business go up in flames 20 years ago during the LA Riots.... I. HATE. THAT. and by the female gender i mean humans with breasts and vajayjays. i hate how craigslist is so not cool anymore FREE ICE CREAM!! You need to layout a pub crawl for RailsConf next year.... forget u frankie j Just saw the !! Its a must see!!! young playwrights festival at the Blank theatre company. =) I'm glad to see ur still on here, I'm trying to get in on all aspects of social media, for an internship thanks for following me <3 What the fuck does octopizzo even mean??? thank you sir for the Excited to be providing apps for the VIP's at the Pfister tonight! thanks! let me hear some of your beats, i got a compilation dropping soon Watching t.v., laying on the couch, and eating wings! No matter how old you are, if a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, you pretend to die. oh that's prolly y Check in to U.S. Bank Arena on foursquare tonight for a shot at a pair if Red Hot Chili Peppers on June 6! Ozzy is playing a game with another dog where they steal each others' sticks. He keeps fucking it up because he doesn't like sticks. Whatsoever was the father of a disease, an ill diet was the mother. i agree 100%! Eww botdf lame ass' are playing warped tour Wtfff why?!!! wait can we buy em?wants! too full of pierogie and too wet to scooter on over to #FirstWednesdays. Hope it was cool (and dry). Perhaps an update from ? Does anybody know when is going to release the rest of his #welcometoparidise tour dates. I want tickets close to me! thanks for not rubbing it in. Outside tanning in the sun while listening to music & doing my AP Chem project... pretty chill, loving the sun! Can't wait till tomorrow! <3 Buffets in general could end the deficit, but it depends on if they are all you can eat or not. good morning to you and the team from follow request keep it G. ": Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second." ha ha why is that I have my account and a Jordan Jansen support accout that is all I need lol not only would i retweet you more often, but i would have to follow you on instagram “: On the way to Ohio with #fun” #yay sleeping<U+0001F4A4><U+0001F49F> you still have mee!(: you are bionic. Can't wait to finally see you tomorrow! I wish I wrote with my left hand.. haha MT : #Romney speech at #Liberty was historic moment. Highest-profile attempt yet to bridge Mormonism, rival faiths oh i know its been way too long. We gotta go out sometime and do some catching up :) BEST EPISODE OF SECRET LIFE EVER!!! gonna be done crazy drama when it picks back up. Crazy little hoes! oh okay Love never fails; Character never quits; & with patience & persistence; Dreams do come true. -Pete Maravich June sounds great, late June. Gotta trip to Seattle early june better bring your p-bone... It's just freaky outside right now. You're not going to put that comment up so we can all troll him? Wait, that's such a guy solution. Thanks Btw, thoughts on Jermaine Paul winning The Voice? lol Entitlement: you are entitled to receive nothing in life but what you give, delusions of piety do no good " I feel like I've just been taxidermed" - hahahahaha Fuck them haters mane I don't even see em... Wanna dance and get acquainted with ye ole dubstep tonight? Then shuffle down to Turner Hall for Zeds Dead. Go for it! <(^_^<) Hi Vinny.. Can i pretty please get a hi back? '=) The good die young #True .. Power 105 1 's "The Breakfast Club" interviewed Swizz Beats earlier this morning. He speaks on the scandal with Mega Upl at the bucks game nah driving from the airport Woohoo! Excited to be a part of the #DrMommy Twitter party tonight! it's going to KILL me! Today we safe-guard the world by out-sciencing the scientists S/O to all my followers Shame on me if you fool me once. Shame on me if you fool me twice. You've been a really hard case to crack, should have known better but... To be in the Shottas TV Series My health insurance premiums went up another 2% this year. Blargh. 85k at 8-1600, lost a cpl pots and folded a pair and flush draw hand on turn when there was heavy action. Sprained my ankle, because of my "hardcore makeout session" from yesterday. Lmfao, yes it indeed was intense. Like very much. Apple needs to make a camera.. Come on May! Get here:( already Thanks so much!! Working hard to get my music out there, so I really appreciate it! Early Info Lit: solutions to probs can be aided by info, knowledge of info sources available is necessary for literacy (1970s def) Thanks for the follow bro You got some sick beats and stellar music man Really dug John West Lovely You got talent Best wishes Only 2 more days until Saturday Remix! #Follow Nothing is Impossible with God! Friday the 26th is twice as unlucky as Friday the 13th. I know the feeling... :\ totally understand what rachel zoe is saying about delivering her baby. super scary!!! HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!.. Sunday fucking drivers iPod Nano watch??? Such a great idea! First half: Disappointing finishing, but encouraging on the possession. #WordPress #Tools Admin Dropdown Menus – Streamline your crowded admin panel menus by turning them into dropdown menus. Mark, I thank you so much! OMG <3 lol aww i told u everything would get better! :D #SAYSOMETHIN is truly perfect in every way <U+2764> If you put your trust in borrowed money versus trusting God, then you will always be a slave to this world’s system. please follow me back cutie! ;) I just learned about "grilled cheese martinis." I'd say that's the perfect example of what's wrong with America I don't have your number anymore silly!(: I was wondering where you were. Lol Michael Snaer and Peyton Siva have established themselves as the class clowns of the Bball Classic. Native Vines for Southern Gardens by naturegirl7 #YouGetMajorPointsIf You served your country in the Oops! haha. soo funny. nothing like putting a condom on your head and walking in in people having sex! haha. hahaha!! Very true. Show me your favorite tunes! :thank you for the shouts & tweets Tomorrow on that bus I will be completely plugged in. Shhh don't talk to me<U+0001F3A7> Been throwing on the side and the other day was at 82-85 consistent hit 86 twice might be looking to pitch somewhere once a week. Yep. your web site is down.. Status: Cannot resolve hostname what did this chick kelsley say in the exact words and what did vinny say cause i cant find it post it on twitter!! Heading to Augsberg College for our game vs. St. Paul Johnson RT : Roses are red / Millenium Falcons are white / You love me? I know. / That's why I got encased in Carbonite. I am a glutten for punishment.. Just followed some alt. med people... This should be good... and drive me a little crazy..=D Bring on the weekend! Who's support <U+2665>Jelena<U+2665>?? absolutely & ditto! Love to see your tweets about potential new shops & eateries in Milwaukee! Gets me excited :) I can always tell who has their social media ear to the ground. You guys are quick! I posted your link to your books in the Ohio and Michigan communities on Facebook. It has been posted on the Youth site i let stuff gett to me to easily.. This yr of all yrs, with influx of new TV network money, a ticket price hike by UO is nothing more than a money grab and slap in fans' face it's in ya email my g Only 5 weeks to start training for #halfmarathon in #SanDiego. Any tips or workout plans? yeh idk thought he was sad cause I lived kinda far I wanna ride on the back of a chopper with Daryl oh shit! What up Ant? How you been bro? Long time Avery Bradley and Rondo compliment each other well. Really solid backcourt combo. I really want cuzzins right now. Who wants to go with me? how bout you ? Pork rinds, Bottom Dollar and crates full of liquor. MAZ WHERE DID YOU GO IS YOU OKAY if I were the Knicks the first 2 players I'm looking to sign to fill those needs are Goran Dragic & Lamar Odom haha no sticker paper. yet. c: I love dancing!!!! This is why I am here. Thanks! RT : Depends on goals/orgs, but Referrals, Total Visits, Conversions, Search Terms, & Visitor loc good to start You know your baby is tired when you walk two miles and he's still awake...its gonna be a long night here's ur late pass sir ('_')_# “: So PEOPLE MAGAZINE voted Beyoncé da MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD" hahah true. im gonna go to Canada this year thanks, it's been awesome, I can't wait to see what kind of response we get :D how have you been? thanks! RT seeing Tony & Cleo w/ mom :) Love watching on stage! Glad I was capable of making someone happy today. BREAKING: CIA thwarted a plot to destroy a U.S.-bound airliner near the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden. “: bitch you heard me from victoria your an assssswipeeeee” WTF "without hope, we have no existence." -- Roman Kent, Holocaust survivor Love the way you think about APIs. Seems to make sense. I saw that! My hopes, they are VERY high. T-minus 13 minutes I'm watching it A writer writes. Keep writing. Write the great American novel, rewrite it to near perfection, send it out, then do it all over again.. / Good luck with the summit. I wish I was there instead of Louisville. I hate half the weak ass wack ass people in San Antonio...seriously. That's why I'm Lowkey. Fuck all y'all <U+270C> #FF If you're interested in healthcare, health IT, etc, you should follow my intelligent and insightful colleague The 3 C's of Life: Choices, Chances, Changes. You must make a Choice to take a Chance or your life will never Change. I got to see 's in person last night -- they look good! well you can't be shy forever lol, but we smoke almost everyday so u can join 1 day your not shy lol oh damn that's a great one! For every 1 degree higher on the thermostat, you save money and help the planet! New pic! What you think? at "The World's Most Famous Arena"!!! it's true That sauna was hot af lmfao damn! I'm sweating so much <U+0001F61D><U+0001F616><U+0001F633> Dickie V takes a picture with Dulkys... what a moment. 90-57 Hey, this is Zack! Have an excellent week. You can grab Journey tickets all week at noon during the Back In The Day Cafe! Hawai`i Boxing Great joins the tomorrow afternoon after weigh-ins! I can only make inferences from my experiences and it seems to me that liberalism uses victimization to justify hate. Do u mean they should cover up? Use a special room? My dd wouldn't eat w/ a blanket on her head & I don't blame her. At this graduation chilling.. what skills do we teach that will transfer to other classes, beyond grad, to personal life? I truely believe God sends us angels. Some to watch over us, to protect us, And one to spend the rest of our lives with<U+2764> i didn't get a platinum bundle... oh well! Justin, wanna help me get one? just kidding! scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like... Hightower back in press trying to create turnovers. Lakes up 36-32. There is a difference between "vintage" and "dirty" RT Metta world peace is musty his ankles stink Is it me or does it seem like every day a new girl is getting pregnant in Rochester... NewMexicoUpdate thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter! Gretchen denies her lip injections, but I don't believe her. Idk why u are such a bitch in the morning.. Jst leave the house already : Hi Mommy, love you!!! Come to see us. We have our special on pizzas on Sundays It is a great Wine bar in downtown Chicago! I kind of wish it was the shoes. That's way more fixable than the brokenness of my post-pregnancy body. LOL thanks for convening such a lively conversation! “:yeah sure but what do I do?:/ Taco Bell?? And by the way....do yourself a favor and look up the definition of civil rights. They aren't just about black people. Come on in! RT : We should do lunch at the in Santa Monica or Brentwood. I bet we would have a blast. Hell YEAH!!! I got good news and I'm gamer satisfied :) Can't do it every night but it was fun LAST NIGHT! HA!! Long time no talk!! Thank you! Miss you! :) So true! Got hit by a car and slip to the top of the car! But didn't hurt at all! Terrible and amazing! I kind of really wanna see Wicked and the Circ De Solei show. Now I'm following a beard and someone's booger on twitter too. That's just completely normal. glad the nuggs took out L.A lastnite!! joins #g2s as Media Partner I havnt been kissed in almost a year -,,- alright! Accepted :) hah that's not fair. I want summ your "man card" had officially been revoked..... <U+0001F633> And is she? Just don't sneeze on the dummy! (unless you really need some extra texture) My 3 o'clock brick wall decided to come hang out now instead... omg u look like justin bieber!!! aw eww lol what lil dude? Before u get stuck How in the hell do you eat all my snacks, buy me more to replace them, then eat them again???....Im done just dont buy me anymore hahahahhaa Im at Texas lol Ry Cooder just sent an Email, he wrote the score for my first USA-impression , will talk to him later, so excited #PayWhatYouCan double header today: #MonkeyAdored #Bhutan Come cozy up with us & some wine from the donation bar Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem. much better.. go take a hot ass shower n sit in the steam for a bit “: Wireframe annotations need to give more direction to writers. - #idea10” Yeaa, that song is cool. I like that one called Monster Yeah, I thought about snapping one, but felt wrong to make fun of guy. Maybe he works in Healthcare or something and is req In a down mood :( Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins People hate it when you’re better than them. If they ain’t hating start worrying then... I was too mad to post yesterday's final score. DET won 5-4 over NYY. What an awesome meeting with ! Did you know they are launching on May 18th (the same day as #BBOKC!)? CANT SLEEP AFRAID OF WHAT I MIGHT HEAR TOMORROW.. BABY IS GONNA HAVE SURGERY SOMETIME SOON ILL FIND OUT TOMORROW Can I violate it too? RT #BestBuy: Fmr CEO Brian Dunn violated co policy w/ relationship with female employee. Severance: $6.6M You ate trending on twitter right now. I wish you the best with your new album:-) I will be looking forward to your CD Looking for a great southern author to follow? Interested in the #warof1812? Check out ! New book released on 11/11/11! I know. Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :) The links to tonights games are up on www.watchnhllive.com go and register to gain access to all the links enjoy and thanks for joining!!! Lovely dress, Betty White <3 Halloween party this Sunday. Text me for details! I'm the worst person to talk about your problems to cuz i'll my only response is get over it. it could be worse I been walking past my brother since 6:00 and he keep pressing snooze it's now 7:23 lol he gone be late oh well I'm not so I gotta go !!! Have a friend looking for an entry level communications or PR position. Anyone have any leads? Having a firedrill on my bus -__- . Sounds like you had a nice weekend! Hope your week is off to a good start. lol yea dont b YELLIN at me<U+E418><U+E418>... Happy Friday baby!! yes, calling the 800-266-2278 number is best way to order Red means stop. Asshole. AWARD-WINNING SURVIVOR NOW ON YOUR TWITTER MACHINES FOR INVESTIGATIONS & JOURNALISMS PWA email is running again! Apologies to anyone who couldn't get through. Not answerable at all. Under the Charter, she is a separately elected city officer, like the City Council President. I'm Rolling Up and what kind of self-esteem does the person who is impressed by that have? questionable at best thank you. It's on it's way, the email is It's in the rear of unity hospital at the Education Center Hi Kurt - thank you for your kind RT. Hope all is well with you. Friends are the ones who always tell it to you straight, when nobody else will! Poor girl. At least I'm not the only one who can't sleep. I think you hit all the right notes. Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. -- Buddha you do look alittle like a conga. Lol! Thanks. It's been weighing on my mind, so encouraged me to address it. :-) You're kidding, right? Everyone, not just the "left," is saying someone who isn't married is hypocritical saying kids need dad Scent is such an important aspect of personal style! Be creative and dare to be bold.. its one of the strongest first impressions u can make I miss you too chicaaa<U+2764> Totally had something to tweet about, but forgot it. #WeekendFunFact: Today is International Museum Day! Which museum is your #1 tourist attraction? -CS THIS JUST MADE MY FREAKING DAY! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I ALMOST DIED....who said that? Wow...2-0 down to Canada. That means a semi against Mexico is likely, if the US makes it that far. And off a set piece again! This #MCMAP shit is kicking my ass loll i'm sore and tired af! Yeah, it's kind of great...! how can I not, knowing I will be at later today? Omg, do you know about ? It's a grilled cheese truck, coming in spring. Is it too early to plan a trip?? Can't wait for 's #newmusic! #BelieveAlbum. #November :) Accidentally typing what you just heard. thanks for spreading the love! :) Love this new song that was just sent to us! Hope everyone is having a great night. Relaxing at home working on some online things. Will continue reading HP. Love Harry :D <3. thanks for the follow! If you're in the Charlotte area, you should enter our Twitter contest! :) The kids at my school love to #kidnap people.... :) Who's game MVP? Davis, Lamb, Kidd Gill? Last nights episode of Criminal Minds was a sad one. It was hard seeing JJ leave, and poor spencer and Garcia! I cried at the end! Nice job, #TSA, doing a full pat-down of my 92 year old father. Yeah, he's clearly a fucking terrorist. Assholes! - Nice article in Pollstar! God fucken night,! Is Cropicana opening this year? The web site is down and last year they opened on Cinco de Mayo, but haven't heard anything this year... Unfortunately she didn't! :( Enjoy some ICE COLD beers or some great Italian Margs during Trivia tonight! WIn some prizes and stay cool doing it!! Picking up or dropping off? Patron was looking for a mystery kids book. All she gave me was a 3-word description of the story and I found that sucker. right? And this is just ONE story. RT : God Twitter, it is unnatural how much I miss you when you're not around. Kind of like my birth father. Wait, what? #AWW :( I have a real name now too? No! ;-) What's up bro! How's everything? :-D Fellow tweep! How's Orlando tonight? RT : Woohoo! 100 followers! I feel like a real Twitterer, Tweeter, Tweep?? now! :) Somebody tweet me !!!! New Happenings magazines available here at the library! Hurry in and get one. duh. Versatility is my middle name. Happy Birthday to Roy Halladay!!!!!!! Hey Carl, great to see you. How's everything? i would never burn fried chicken. pfffft, that's not in my cook book :) So what im getting a new bed set or what? I think yes, & apparently so does my mom. wow, nothing in my e-mail box:-) OMG I need a tie-dye cat tee shirt!! dumb girl junps out in front of my car to hail the cab behind me. wow. Happy Birthday :* I will take care and happy mothers day Movie night to finish off the weekend.. Heather.Renee.Wells.<3 happy birthday man sorry about that!! it was a simple mishap! thanks Matt A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest person. Been so busy... Havent been on twitter in forever... Thanks to all my new followers and thanks to everyone that has tweeted me. Check out the activity on #40Dollars launched by the White House. Politics aside, a simple, bite-sized way to get people talking. No doubt time for you guys to weigh in on Bo blocking Uthoff to ACC/Marquette/Iowa St. Just a public thanks to my first mentor Joe Schroeder, father of the 'funded proposal'...Thanks Joe! Welcome to twitter Bye April. It's been real. It's been fun. It's been really fun. In-person, for a specific amnt, after u have gotten to know the #donor, determined interest and researched. okay thank youu (: are u at school? Having a glue emergency..where'd you get urs? Anyone have a Traktor Kontrol S2 or S4 they would sell me? Dumanis says she'll fix the city schools in her first term. omg i want both of those! especially the polar bear w/tat and beer one! Awesome weekend ...some days I wish I could have a "do-over" - and other days I just want to "be-over!" Today is DEFINITELY a "BE-OVER" kind of day!! Great! Thanks for getting back to me, Jon, and we look forward to hearing from you! Samuel Baltimore on Broadway's Black gospel divas. Her tweets are wack Westward Bound artist Patrick Singh is from the South of France #patricksingh #westward bound #SometimesIWonder who u really are cuz u not da same anymore Since KY has already beaten everybody in the Final Four but one, can't we just play OSU and be done? Tonight's Foreign Film "The Lives of Others" (Germany 2006). Starts at 7:30pm. Don't miss this amazing movie! Drastically improved OpenGL performance by reducing glDrawElements calls. Rendering all of Stormwind at 20fps. hungry and tired Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action. omg I know xD Good morning people I'd do anything for you..but you want something that Im not. This morning we'll be @ menaul/carlisle area, panhandling for our Crimestoppers program. Then in the afternoon, we'll be busting panhandlers fall asleep in a strange pretty girls bed. WILL WAKE UP IN A BATH OF ICE WITH KIDNEYS STOLEN Looking forward to 5/16! RT YAY! I'm excited to see you both! :) Pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in their class << #MrMom Chocolate Cake. Parenting by Cosby! haha. Tequila, margarita mix and kombucha. Budgets cuts mean 100 fewer food-safety inspectors in Canada RiP Donna Summer :[ we will remember My advisor on the fact that me & his other RA from last year were replaced by 2 attractive young ladies: "It's definitely a visual upgrade!" no problem No me ago remponsable, de lo que la jente dice... I'll never stop writing. People often ask when I will retire, but it's none of their business. Writing defines who I am. - B T Bradford thanks for helping spread the word!! Had an absolutely excellent day. My ex boyfriends >><<>><< some good some i wish i never met Belated thanks for the #FF mention. Hope the #CitrusParty clean up went well and you scored some leftover deliciousness :) #ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to stay quiet but then you realize you live by yourself. haha you went so try hard to get that ball and I thought you were going to catch it too! Lmao I totally agree. She is so jealous she can't even see straight. It's sad and pathetic. well...its a new Year, got some new goals, and definetly won't B dealin' with them fake pplz/ plus I'm feelin real good 'bout #dtl2011 What's the benefit of tweeting links rather than providing the link in the LMS? So unreal! This is not supposed to happen in Mass ON MA SHYYYYYYTTTT!!! Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of #Glitter?!? <U+0001F614> Sorry about that! I just made the Israeli film Google Doc (mention two tweets ago) public on the web. It was on private Ah..my bad. equals awesome. You sir, are my future husband! <U+0001F48D><U+2764> if u had millions of dollars would u support ur "crew" and pay their bills? ..idkkkk Justin's birthday is tomorrow! C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan Such a beautiful day with family and friends. It's good to be home & awake ! :) Now this is how you start a q&a. there is nothing better in the world I was curious. "Change what?" I said. "Your personality," he said. I smiled big and called "Okay" as I walked out the door. Carlos Ruiz > Mark Parent about to take off. Thank you for everything, will let you know when I get back to boston tomorrow. Love you!!! I plan on Publishing "The Sea" in a few Months So please look for it thank you. Dude. Next time you are stick digging thru your change jar, you'll thank them! ;) haha Thank You Come Party With Me Tonight @ Peanuts!!! Moccasins with fur lining are amazing! Ready for tomorrow night bitchess. Throwin down 200 for JUST liquor I think he was laughing his ass off! But you can imagine it the other way. >:o| haha Kind of melty from being in front of my window all day, but it's still dark chocolate! Certainly, the bell could be rung with a usinger's sausage. i'm a little worried about finding a musical-sounding meat, though what a way to lose for sd that obe stings!! Q2: Contact on Linkedin, etc. to see if they will schedule time to talk about the company-express interest in what the company does! Got your bitch panties niagara falling Oh, Dear! RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when Adele finds someone like you. Why the hell did add a blue background color? I can't stand reading with it. Can I donate and turn it off? Lawrie out at home trying to steal against O's but, what an exciting play! Not many players try to steal home anymore. Love it! can we get matching belly button rings ? Better open your eyes. ;-) Homie be like let me hold some cuz; I'm like nigga you grown; homie like cuz we ain't nun but 13; I'm like fucc that got to do with me lmao Dear Walgreens: when I need to wait in line at your pharmacy for 20 minutes, fuck you. Already been up an hour. Damn u Mr Army Voice recognition software for consumer dictation Thanks for following. very funny haha What's up? Happy Leap Day! How are you celebrating at your college? Now I'm hungry and keep seeing food on instagram... -_- Fml RT : A3 when it come to PR I always suggest (if you can) hire a PRO. Blogging agent can be OK, but PR PRO is a must Haven't had this much fun on facebook in a while lol #ORE 53 #STAN 30 - Andrew Luck pass intercepted by Boseko Lokombo at the Stanf 40, returned for 40 yards for a TOUCHDOWN. RT : policy-driven API management, with analytics, what did next. $client Mind boggling: a password like H$7s!6a@ is WAY less secure than something like thisisveryverylong (1 min vs 10 years to crack) lmfao ikr im so happy i have a sexy sister like :3 geez brian! How much coffee did u drink? I don't. S/o to all the people who were apart of it. N s/o to my BROS! oh no. :-( is everything ok? very pretty prom dress:) #muchlove:) Sure :D We provide superior products & services to our clients by exceeding their expectations! You’ll find all you need in Dynamic Heating &Cooling Such a comforting error message. Love it. #np what makes you beautiful by one direction <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> thanks for the retweet ! Sat at intersection for 15min, parked in the last spot available, trekked across the lot, 9:41, denied chapel entry. Classy, APU. H, did you want my Ladytron tix? Paid $34, you can have it for $20. Have to go to FL last minute. definitely a bit disorganized. Ill miss it though. My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years. looking for someone to shoot video this Friday of a fashion shoot &a little teaser of another cool event. Must be UMiami student. tweet @ me Heard you ran into one of my students, Jamie Bigaj. He's great kid, let know what you need him to do at Facebook is so annoying to me now its so vanilla.....boring blah Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter Get ready for the new Double Up Thursdays - starts 2/2! Great pitching Dickey! They call me racist cuz i support black Americans first I love first friday oh come on man you're better than that. ryan dunn died this summer. Watching The Padawan Menance with little man for the 12th time. Lego+star wars = comic genius Ma girl just got her Twitter page rock she need sum #followers >>>>>>>> #ff #teamfollowback show her how we roll nerds are more talented than this “: This Super Bowl halftime event looks like the talent show from Revenge of the Nerds.” congratulations to class of 2011!! The medical term for a hiccup is a singultus. o ok Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ... Especially you Niall.. Chillin with the girls #pubofpennvalley where's my friend The largest population sector in the world who also happens to be the most savvy in connection technology - 4 billion under 30 years of age. That's better. Can't wait to see everyone this Sunday! We hear will be there too. don't make me subtweet you .. better start throwing to Victor Cruz if they want to win I try so flipping hard not to think about you. But I can't just let you go. I Love it when you don't make sense after we eat at Portillo's… also, when you give yourself a high-five <U+0001F64F> "Anything I’ve ever done that ultimately was worthwhile…initially scared me to death." -Betty Bender no thanks. Fixed middleware linking WorldCat to records in Mason's catalog. Suspect it's been broken since PHP 4.2! Agree w you about the Kindle price pt. Are they waiting to blow it out for Christmas? Thanks, that confirms it. Now I can say "I researched it, when I'm only "planning" to drive past my old house and H.S. Thx new followers Next week we're giving out 10 $100 gift cards stay tuned I suggest a tirade on Thanks for the birthday love, I appreciate that! The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person's life. William Wordsworth oh sorry! no tv! but fantastic happy hour and prime location. :) Dresses with elastic waste bands are NEVER look good on. They look cute on the hanger, but then you put them on and BAM...Frumpy Need you guys to check out you won't regret he's a very talented artist The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it. come to Los Angeles California to visit me! lol Mark Kotsay has a chance for another game winner Got in a 3AM, not yet recovered from the Mall of America it would be weird if you sent me a normal one haha Longer hair + muggy DC weather = ürb wanting to shave it all off. Thoughts? Y/Y? :p Nice work! Few agencies will actually take people somewhere for services/documents. We believe transportation is essential. your pretty My whole life comes to a stand still when my thyroid becomes unbalanced severe fatigue hot flashes Gregg Williams offering $10,000 to the NFL executive who lifts his ban NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T Thank you hun!! lol off to class....fun times ;) #bolognese #wine and a movie...life is good! Arrival temp of 90 may deny cashmere.TY LOL!! OMG!! Salty. Steven...trust me I want outta this box!!! UGH! This is really taking off! We're in Boston WAITING to be found! Look for those orange #RepeatReceipt shirts!! Tonight is our HOMAGROWN Showcase! Come join us for some fantastic music with NO COVER! Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio ": That suspicious moment when you know your friend is hiding something from you." “: Les go”I have to finish one game im playing now then yea! Lol, yeah man RT : I look up and I see you got 18000 followers homie! Lol homie done took that leap! Meet me by the lake Yes, it does. I'm just happy I don't have to be in the back of that ambulance anymore. Looking forward to not being on it at all! thank you do much! Your just not worth it anymore Turn. Off. Updates... Or you could ask Charles Geschke to put a ring on it... I'll give you time to google. ;) Cheers & enjoy! RT : am now craving some after reading your reviews--time to go shopping! Well Direct Message me it? ;) its okay I won't tell nobody . no one is too old to dream I hate when I try to message/text/call you & you just ignore me): you got a twitter!!! To err is human, to forgive is infrequent. Omg going to science class 5th period !!!! Never such a great homecoming... i cant tomorrow cause im going to my cousins house til idk what time but its gonna be late GIS extensions forum is ready to run, we are waiting for you to see what is going on the discussions forum. agree. I like the quiet guys that just get shit done. It's all about executing… but hey you know that Poor thing. Hi Joel -- trying to email you with an intro+Argo question. Could you kindly DM me your email address? excellent - conversation is more fun at top speed! omg thank you (: ah phew ! So far all ive been hearing is negative comments about the seats there haha Watch the thrown She want to be hold your there for her she wants to be treat special and told she's the only one she want to be your girl ..8 and I always thought you had great taste in music! Give Mylo Xyloto another chance 2 hr cardio starts now !! To all my big individuals getting healthy!!<U+0001F4AA><U+0001F4AA><U+0001F4AA> summertime so are we!! Check out facebook!! We have plenty of happy users! Feel free to email us with any questions you have - . Wow, Finland diving like this is a soccer match... These international refs blow Prayer is so powerful . This kidd prayed over this womans drinking problem and she now doesnt know what beer taste like anymore . Wow Damn you, dryer, take my Canadian quarters! How do you know the difference??? Give him BJ since his fight with Condit is off? Assuming Dana keeps him of course. I hate when people try to touch my face... #DTLA How many "coffee sleeves" have you seen so far today? To bed early with an upset tummy..bummer I wanted to do christmas decorations with my babies. :( Feel free to reblog my latest post on Looking for something to do? A great new service is on twitter, tweets about travel, deals, food, and all entertainment! LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO BRIANA :D IS UR NAME SPELL WITH DOUBLE N OR JUST 1? Thankxxx for the follow. Prepare yourself... That moment when u get so drunk you quit drinkin 4 a month! Lol Tickle the monkey Peter! come on We were all hot last night! Eliza is the best!! Thank you all :) #WhiteKidWasted Amazing night! Love you girls. Thanks for making it out. RT : Back to our roots #supper happy bday Ravi! we use it all the time When we buy a song on Itunes it can be shared instantly between 5 devices for $25 a year. C-A-T-S Cats Cats Cats!! Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation.. Graphic Design Services --> Posters, DVD Packaging, Flyer, Postcard, Signage, Logos, Websites and more - The Actor Store www.Actor-Store.com <3 text me well, you connect to facebook, and then start a game with friends. They give you three options and you have to draw one of *sarcastic "dude, that's a sweet tribal" "screw you bro it's not a tribal! It's a giant squid eating a tiger!" 'Bout to cut off my hairs, brb. ... Cant bash them bro. They beat my Nuggets. won't let me talk bad about them :( :( RT : Attending the Crittenden conference in Las Vegas next month? Would be fun to connect in advance. Awesome!! Do great and remember to posts pics!! We- your supporters, want to see them! :) its all good. I got your back girl! :) - or you are just a friend to the environment, no? Is the straw stainless too? Just got back from the #gym, I feel sick :/ see what happens when you fall off the wagon for 2 months Curious about the designer behind the graphic identity and card templates for ? Check out the fantastic work of G.O.O.D. Friday today? lol of course. GOOD FRIDAY ACTIVITY #1: Pontius Pilates. It's where you do pilates, then wash your hands. always looking for new ways to get and keep kids moving Happy Fathers Day !!! On our way to the the guy at work today asked if i was watching the nfl draft. it took all i had not to laugh in his face. Why is everyone I know from Tappahannock, VA lightskinned? Does Tapahannock have ANY Brown or Dark Skinned people? The girls behind who won't stop complaining <<<<<<<< Wish I was ! I wanted my special invite...haha vinny i love you !!!! Yep. RT : Things in your past have made u who u are today. stronger, smarter, and ready for the FUTURE! my opinion is that the rates should be what ever the free market sets them at. Playoff Basketball is not boring, that's for sure! :) Omg I have the worst allergies.. Completely out of the blue.. Haven't felt like this in years "Why are people depressed? Mental imbalance, loss of piety, the seasons, tides, the moon...the COSMOS!" -Social Theory prof. Everyone follow I'll dm/follow whoever does! Retweet to let me know you did :) Coconut creamer! I have to try that. I already drink coconut milk with my cereal. Remember That Every New Mahomie That Joins Our Family Equals One Less Hater That Hates On Our Family. hell yea most on fan tho It's RACE day! Now there's an interesting idea! Looks like 70 degrees today? Ah, the southland. I NEED the USA release of "Drinking from the Sun" STAT! Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes today..... Are you more emotional or more rational? Tonight was mad fun! When it hits the floor and not the fan... Best of luck with your pilot. Will be interesting to see how it meets your metrics to determine if you expand. her fish sandwich meal was only $3.99!!! It is alarmingly easy to spend thousands. I've done it with both of mine, and couldn't have done otherwise. FYI- Coffee With the Mayor! 8:30 - 10 a.m. on Fri, Sept 17 @ Patricia's Soul Food Cafe, 1100 N. Martin L. King Blvd Q: Y/N - Do you support community benefit agreements? Movie recommendation is Al Pacino in "Carlito's Way" Hahaha yes Booker t! I love this! Can't wait for Stitching the day away "When I thread the needle people seem stressed" - I got 99 problems and I kinda find myself wishing a bitch was one. I need to flat iron my darn hair !! Virginia gets 2 hits in the inning but leaves runners on second and third. Arghs. Feeling like coming down w/ something again. Why do I keep getting sick? That's it. I need to strap hand sanitizer to me from now on. Good things are happening! spring break party time!!! Like Valliant Printing on Facebook. We have Facebook only promotion!! I'd rather lose myself in passion than lose my passion. I know ALL of these episodes by heart. I will never get sick of this show! =D I just used my friends iPhone 4 the other day and wow it feels so cheap compared to my Motorola Triumph With MIUI Android. It's here - April Brew's Day 2011. Tonite at the Farmers Market on Railroad Ave. Bono, we're going to have Fergie join you and Mick for the song, ok? Then you're probably 8 years old. " : what if I have an extreme addiction to Slurpees?" Please tell me what Nick is thinking with that jacket? Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know? Gotta charge my phone when I get back in my room... Ahh Imma write you another one tomorrow :D That is one of the meanest things you can think of someone doing :) DANA....LOVE YA, BUT.....STICK TO PARTY PLANNING...... I have a craving for Henry James. I've read Portrait of a Lady, which of his should I read next? Ew, it's slush city out here! I am really looking forward to playing my first Norwegian Championship in poker in 3 years! Even more so to see Thor Hansen again! word. I've been going crazy with my camera lately lmao I should huh, wanna join it? :D Reading the email over and over again. Makes me feel good. Great effort by the Nuggets played their asses off. Got a great future here in Denver keep your heads up Shit just got real. is now following me. I died a little inside just now. we just gave away $700 worth of gas cards on #Imagine Harry watches your eyes & suddenly his voice breaks. Harry:''I'm going on tour for three months. I'll miss y-'' He starts crying. When your boyfriend says to you.. 'wow, have you been reading cosmo?' hahahaha! I really love 's writing. -- BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip... Boy am I happy to be at work!!!! come see me! This is hard to watch. Thoughts with Class act / great WR. Workout complete! Burn Circuit 1 today. Sweaty mess not time to hit shower... its not that + doesnt sell its the way its promoted, corp payola, does a lot of work on this I'm famous! Everything in moderation We're open until 2am, actually. Is it lost on anyone that Zimmerman has not been arrested,could leave town and noone will know???!!!! I hope the world knows there's a whole foster the people album, not just three songs. driving thru the burbs at night is similar to being in a corn maze do you ever sleep. Lol ayyyyyyyyyy Joey Bats face down ass up, thats the way i like to.. look for something that fell under the couch. birthday girl! and me soon to be under the same roof!! An answered prayer, and a prayer request all-in-one.. Really now he's taken my followers...really bro... Hahaha! Re: Carpenter ants.... Are you smarter than a 5th grader? Then tutor an elementary school student who’s homeless! Email Sandy, ! Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - CVS - LIPITOR - please follow me i love George <3 you are fans of george <3 LOL.. 's "The Undefeated" sits at 0% on Rotten Tomatoes... Make #love not #fluorocarbons We all share the same home- #earth :) Wish my weight was as low and my self esstem Central is good but not tbe best. Im a BBQ shop guy. Tops is prob my number 2. If there is something missing from your life, it is more than a life partner. rolled through seeing a client about a year ago lol! It wasn't even my fault. I was standing on the crease and and a guy fell behind me and tripped me. :O Juridica gross cash proceeds for the year increased by 159% to US$17.1 million. One case settled and five returned partial settlements. So both my brothers came in my room drunk last night and woke me up now I can't seem to fall asleep weird... Yes! A sweep would be nice. My nerves can't take the rollercoaster of emotions again. What is your greatest strength? What does God say about? Lots of good things. So ready for D.C. Just want to #thank for bringing so many people together with instantfollowback.com #followback #instantfollowbackgradea :) Never SECOND Guess Yourself! #Yeahilovethat crack cocaine Omgosh! Sonic on rt 22 east by the warren exit opens tomorrow! 9 to 11! I am so there! Who is w me?! I can't cognitively function and listen to Bach simultaneously :-) DEY SO NOISY SMH ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY Thanks so much for the RT! can we skype really really soon please? I can't wait to get home to lay down Thanks for the lunch delivery, and great prezzo! My 3 p.m. cookie snack was also delicious! Wonderful point! T4: Why would we want new technology innovation to stop? I'm 1,225 miles away from Austin but distance doesn't mean a thing. I will ALWAYS support him, when I stop will be when I stop breathing. Shit turns out different than u expect ..! Autumn Hill Creative presents "How to Market Your Small Business" at the Clintonville Chamber on 9/22. Call 715-823-4606 to register. I'm down :-) Maybe i'll just stay and not come back Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:28am in Atlanta, GA it is 78 degrees. High: 88* Low: 66* Even tho it's cold season, we got tons of Tank Tops, Board Shorts and Sandals thanks to RVCA!!!!!! some things Trent Dildo has said in the past makes me think he is smokin somethin besides blunt (see Pookie in NewJackCity) Heard actors praise you yesterday :) ..likes to keep a low and simple profile, but I have to ask..why are you ran so relentlessly? Is it your own personal work habit or Just picked up #Superbowl groceries. Yes, there will be chips and/or dip. what was the biggest amount the brewers have ever lost by? (Ex: 16 to 1) I have just promised Angie that if we don't take her to get a new phone today, I will commit Seppuku. your face. *whispering* hey guess what? You get to see me tomorrow night! This is so awkward. Fo Real I NEED THIS SHIRT Where can I Cop It? : OK. You might remind him that he said he'd debate me on the subject "anytime," before backing down the first time. Coffee Ice Cream <U+2601> yumm -A Had a delicious salmon salad from the other day, incredible ingredients, even the mint is so fresh. Go, #lajolla, go! Photoshoot went as planned today, now tomorrow we get busy writing this amazing music we hope you all will enjoy! Hope too see you all soon! Where was your shirt made? Read the Label and share with us. #readthelabel challenge NicheActuator thanks for following me on Twitter! My arch-enemy: Plato. An evil spiteful cat that must be destroyed or otherwise tamed. Two attacks and a tactical herding almost did me in! I'm sorry. :( He looks like a sweetie. Making my Kentucky Derby pick this morning. Have shown an uncanny knack in years past. My heart (liver) goes to "I'll Have Another" but... “: Support the good.” How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs Good resolution! Join us this Thursday for Cinco De Mayo. We'll have great drink specials, Karaoke, $4 Margs, $2 beers and a ton of fun! I swear, I'm going to establish my own personally shower in the library and bed that no one will no about. Start your day with something to eat, even if it is just a little something before a workout, you can follow it up with a real meal! Who will win the Man Utd or Man City? Crisp execution and a grateful heart will produce huge Successes. Like a "science"! i just saw my grades for this semester and i cannot believe i did this well....im blown away right now. i am so happy!!!!! EazySpeaks I get it, I just don't know that I'd personally spend that type of money to see another tdZfaGf QoTD: "Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must." (Goethe) I imagine there would be a lot of bickering in that house hahaha. singing in the car is my specialty. Knowledge came first. Books came about to ensure the knowledge could be accurately documented and shared. I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3 Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand. San diego "At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.">>>> love this, so true I just wanna live a average life with over average money!! Where do they want to put a memorial?I had a lady dressed in a suit come to my door, obv. selling something.Didn't answer my door. Yo! Follow my real account GM Tweoples! it's #nationalkissingday? who has the Required Reading on this? We'll b #GodzillaGrindin like shouts2 Yeah, exactly and then I'll have to beat little children and I hate doing that... -__- FootLoose= 1 of the best movies i ever seen <3 Ok #gunners, let's do this right! Things I know for sure. 1. You cant run from the truth. 2 Don't kill the messenger. 3. When u go "look" you will "find" Oh, and is the halftime entertainment. :) There is an art of which every man should be a master the art of reflection. If you are not a thinking man, to what purpose are I bet people started believing that the world was round slowly. Like I did with vampires. Good morning! :) that sounds delicious! graduation was one of the best days of my life i did it all for my mama, i know she looking down on me smiling rest for me mama! I hate it when sombody stank and talk about sombody els being smelly.....i'm like did you smell yo self this morning Are you trying to send me to an early grave with this Roberts DL stuff? Because my titanium burial pyramid isn't completed yet. Won my bracket. Still hate Kentucky. Penny Stock lovers I really see " APRO.PK " really taking off this week.. get it NOW Yes sir #DIR all day everyday Why do fat people get fatter? Why do anerexic remain anerexic? Why do haters hate? Why do people judge? Im sick of this shit. good call on the Bierkraft. I dug the sandwich. If my alarm hadn't gone off at 3am, I would have dug a beer too. I don't blame him, chihuahuas can be mean :) Eating alphabet soup my favorite! I cannot wait to go back to school and see him again. Happiness is getting good work outs on the road! a checkered flag finish? That or an appearance by Ricky Bobby. Pumped for concert !! Thank you Alumni Association for free tix!!! In LOVE with Brooke's dress tonight on #DWTS results show! Stunning! :) Mumford & Children depends on if they are my friend or not! Ha ha! Usually if it's minor stuff i attempt to fix it. If not, I send them elsewhere. Just dropped off my books to Juvenile Hall. is about to inspire 20 inmates to carry something different with them! nm just revising my speech and u? and have nothing to do with what we're suppose to be drawling. :) what's up skee 3 La Mesa citizens, including adorable, precocious 8-year-old girl, speak 2 council about adopting ordinance 2 allow hens in LM. Eggsactly. That's what's up, I have been reading every Thought into this Tour, Your a Good Friend will keep you posted-YoBoy-H When my dad plays Modest Mouse <U+0001F44D> I'm really surprised that Paula was fired from the x-factor. The best part of the show was seeing Simon and Paula together again. I'd like to request "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :) thank you <3 We're going to need to appoint a Meeple Wrangler. What doesn't kill you makes you StRoNgEr Throw me in yall FOLLOW FRIDAY my peeps! im going strong wit 32 lol Watching soundcheck for tonight's show! There's always room for me...and jello! RT workout time ... no Ferris Bueller still awake and just looked out window, not a single snow flake. When will the madness begin? Did you know Gatorade contains soy? Well, it does! It contains "brominated vegetable oil" which is derived from soybeans. Nice! Looks gorgeous :D RT : its amazing how productive sunday can be when you're not hungover or tired. “We should be able to text 911. You know just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.” What do you think playd needs to get you on board? Tell us your thoughts of where you see this app going and how we can help you! Sweet. We'll meet up inside before the game! See you then! Ha! RT Had to share via Twitter: "Makeup can do a lot of things, but it can't erase crazy." I would love to kick your ass you little push on a mission #Naptown bound welcome. Happy to do a favor for a good friend. There's contact information on their website & info on the project. Send them an email and see how you can get involved. Iced coffee is not supposed to taste like Sushi. dnt make me lose my mind up in here I am love you girls Ishikawa goes the yard! awesome. My wife and I went and love it. We love Napili Point. A cove is there with the best snorkeling. awesome destination and excited to checkout tripbirds too! #acqhack - pass it on :-). Huh, there are 2 library stories in the Dispatch today. Must be something in the air. Why would you bring your dog to the dog park and then carry it around? Go home! still meeting today? Pawn Mixtape Review; MrRogers #Le$-Le$ feat by we heard $$$$ Fixed. Thanks! The heckling of #Lebron will be worth the price of admission at MSG in a few days. Thank you for the RT! Create a beautiful night! Is it iPhone only? Chillin at clark at the math proficiency camp sleepy as hell They made more fuckin baskets in the last minute than in the 3rd quarter I think I have Dissociation Disorder. Took a drug test for work. Mom tells brother she doesnt know how i passed... Right infront of my new bosses. I miss my aunte. : ( Happy New Year my loves! Miss y'all xoxo No! Everything will be okay!!! It's the magic of Nikita! :D lol #lastfridayof2011 equals signing of my new lease That point in the day when my head just hurts mine has gone through a lot of changes. used to have a lot more school work, now I just want to show more work work 42 years of dictatorship in Libya is simply unacceptable. Gaddafi has killed enough of his people, and the world must deal with him now! We have tons of #awesome prizes to give to our performers this week. Thx to + more. When I'm most proud of my team? When something goes wrong and the guests are still thanking us. And we fix it seemlessly. Phew! I hope you had a awesome 15 birthday prince, bet you can't wait for your 16th huh? I dunno why ppl stress over the small things. You still living so wat you complaining for 8-4 at the switch in the 5th! Go FINISH THEM!!!! i love you too :) follow me please??? Disclaimer: if he's putting it on twitter it means its not for real Every Tues is #Acoustic #OpenMic Night @ Flora & Muse "Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air & to eat & sleep with the earth."~Whitman. Sleep well, yogis! If LVM2 really has no (~16TB) size limit (based on PEs), then perhaps the Drobo was not such a great buy after all. improv ain't standup. And it annoys me when people think it is. Many reply all congrats emails today. The other 200 people here wish I hadn't gotten a promotion and clogged up their email. Sorry! aww that's good, I'm happy for you ... Do ya thang <U+0001F60F> You can make a huge impact in someones life today! Maybe, it would be by partnering with us. Quinn dance your ass off your flawless ass!!!!! Woo, more swag and time to talk to people.. I'm awed by how many amazing people ate in the twent "Wait are you... DRESS SHOPPING?!" "Wot" "...Oops, WRONG G LOLOL" <U+0001F64F> for my Grandaddy before I go night night <U+270C><U+2764><U+0001F603> 1 hour until my practice talk for i have a twitter... I think after Olympic Village, I am going to take a month or two off from the stage. Seems like I have been going non-stop since last April. Gypsies live in America, SAY WHAT? Sleepy..so, guess the question is...coffee and burn the midnight writers oil OR go to bed so my brain fires on all cylinders....hmm..dilemma Five years ago today I signed up for Twitter but didn't really touch it for a year. So here we are, 4 years & almost 19k tweets later... And! Steve Railton & Dean Dass are the new Associate Fellows, for "Digital Yoknapatawpha" and "Winter in America." I hope still trying to go to Florida with us! Need sleep tonight..last night my husband was putting on a concert in bed at 1:45 a.m..No Sleep...Gotta Love him Happy National Best Friend Day I Lovee youu Best Friend <3333 please if you ever notice me please follow There is not enough darkness in the world to put out the light of one small candle. Show your light! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Saty yourself, there are others enough. Be strong, be loud, be proud. GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow. Thursdyas is the new Thursdays ¦ Via phone or in person I assume? I always buy online... Off to Drupal 101- come see a preview of the new Drupal site! #ala11 Marriott at the Convention Center 10:30 Shep's talking Tigers. Why the struggles & an ESPN article suggests there could be long term trouble in Tiger Town. 248.848.1130, Call Shep! Thanks a mil! I got another niggas bitch with me & I'm falling fo her yes I'm falling fo her ' Thanks for the follow. What is your books about? same here love ya too! :) Its magic. With a small m. ": Love our writers: " OMG, I can't believe that episode of Big Bang Theory just ended like that. Please tell me there is another episode next week. RHCP and Childish Gambino confirmed for #ACLFest. Cool? As long as someone else exciting is performing at their times, then I'm set! RT : Boarding flight to Sa Town! you better come see me. Got your script dog! no patience for those who refuse to use twitter or facebook and yet want to run campaigns on twitter or facebook. welcome to 2010 people! Time to #Boycott companies who do not support women but support #Limbaugh like Right? Because right now I do not consider him hot. So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry. Topic? Forgiveness That which is irrational or absurd is not worthy of either belief or personal commitment.It is the fool who embraces irrationality. must be a DUFF Time tracking - have you ever tracked your day? What tools do you like best? Anyone used Klok? Contest day! do we have an error count for Andy and Pico? Decompress and share some of the things you've learned at #alamw12 at #LibraryCamp. This afternoon at 3:30pm, DCC - D165 New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas. I don't think a high-def camera is enough to make me buy the new one... Thanks, Owen. Appreciate the kind words. Its cool to know we live in an age where superheroes are being arrested A visionary company does not merely balance between idealism and profitability: it seeks to be highly idealistic and highly lucrative. My mom threatened to stab me with a fork at dinner. oh. XD Talking 2 sum1 who is out of breath is exhausting <U+0001F61D> tell her thanks! I'll only drink enough to be a litte drunk and i'll do a shot for her I'm still on an emotional thrill ride since seeing Kittie, Blackgaurd, and Bonded By Blood yesterday! Gah! Why can't shows last forever?! Good half keep I'm jamming to this as we speak RT : Wine for me slow You might be a redneck if: Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen. I know you came a long way to be where you at and I know you will do great and work hard at it I will still here your song Why wasn't the new 3 Stooges movie released in December so it could qualify for Oscar consideration? Finalizing lunch date plans, cleaning, laundry, watching Sex and The City, taking bong hits - I am the ultimate multi-tasker. Prof Assns take a stand at the risk of alienating some of their own members. see you soon?! Not live, but video coming soon stuck in my head " he rocks in the treetop all day long, hoppin and a boppin and singing his song" I'm SO with! And, I'm still young, so we can't be curmudgeons!! Bout to go take a run and work on my game follow us plz share! we follow back! Which means you can see our beautiful capitol when you land. Some still not 100% but hope to be soon! learning how to use for ....such an awesome service But seriously #MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs would probably be "The Party & the After Party", "Coming Down", "Gone", & "XO/The Host". Just take it one day at a time, one pound at a time. Think how much better you will look and feel for your holiday. :-) my wife might be of use ;) I guess going to almost every Yanks game in Baltimore as well as having been to Yankee Stadium doesn't qualify me as a Yanks fan? Congratulations to you and the team. Well deserved!! IT ALWAYS RAINS ON MY BIRTHDAY!! EVERY FREAKIN YEAR!! no nigga . I'm not talkin about him . I'm talkin about YOU . you don't text ME anymore -_- please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :) A pleasure hanging with Jake Plummer this morning. Don't follow me just 2 unfollow me! That shit is DUMB!!! You've been unfollowed too :-) gotta be rock n roll music if you wanna dance with me You're welcome :) XoX <U+2665> And thank you for the follow back :) “: basketball wives should just be called past basketball wives because #swear everyone is divorced from their bball player”<U+E10C> that's everyday. Not the last day Of school. Wow - The avg. American takes in the same quantity of information per year as it took our ancestors 100 years to absorb in the 17th century There's no such thing as quitting. Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses. Alan Moor I'm just a little ray of sunshine. RT That tweet has already ruined my weekend. you would.... Stank nasty funk for us Bassaholics...play Wayman! Really?:]I love september!(: congrats. Wish I was there to celebrate with you all. #UXdesign is fascinating. Thanks! It's a great project for a good cause. Interesting stuff. He teases Batista, which would be awesome, but it's a swerve of some sort for sure. I think the DeMaio TP viz not saving $$ is "shift risk". That is, City is powerless to keep from raiding pension & Sdcers sux. Do you know what a Dirty Sanchez is? VOTE NOW by replying to us with #yes or Before becoming a recording artist, Chuck Berry studied to be a hairdresser- InSpotter app coloring and playing with clay! i wanna meet the iconic boyz ss BADLY!!!!! I keep stumbling on THE BOOK THIEF and thinking it looks interesting, but so far haven't succumbed. If they didn't get the compensatory pick for Tex going to NY would they have drafted Trout? I assume yes but was curious thanks for the FF last week! :) Im Doing great!!!! Anything new Happening? Dude.. This weather!!! It so dark in my room that I thought I set my alarm wrong. I Recognize more crowd members at the #lakers game than I do the #mavs! #SignsYouDontLiveInTXAnymore :( Good work Samantha Brown is THE BEST! Happy Birthday To The King Of Pop. I Love You Michael! I wanna go back to Australia..... RT : RT is covering AAS using Twitter, webcasts and a blog. Any other coverage? “: is literally the greatest person ever and this is Manuela tweeting this” thxx means a lot que bella en el video, ganaras! ;) Charanga Habanera at Cocomos tomorrow! I'll post photos on the website and www.lpmusic.com help me by having other people follow me i could use the support You're welcome, great article and so very true! ": me! (:" cool cool we going see what's up 95 comeback against Arkansas would've been my favorite would be mine, watching Rhodes after the game took away the excitement It would be so awesome if gave us a shout out!! my bro got a "hilarious" misogynistic xmas card (i yelled about it) and i cancelled my FB account made a green screen wall... was cool. little harder than I thought. The sun is trying to peek out! Happy Saturday. Coffee run at Beverly hills! #ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery You always were a big shredder. Don't forget the oil every 30pgs or so might drink a little bit more than I should, tonight! F_ck WVU...Terps getting rowdy already! You this read wrong. this is literally the best show ever mondays are the worst. "Read my tweets about having the right skills to master your money" If only school could be condensed into a montage... JoAnne Good on BBC London upset US news media not covering London burning. She has a point, stock market not destroying a city. 1. A trend I've noticed recently in job app process: more requests for letters of reference and fewer phone calls. it helps when everyone is where they should be. But also kind of boring. An old favorite and under-rated album: 'Sentimental Hygiene' by the late, great #WarrenZevon . Cousins popped in from Tallahassee, Fla. Good to see them and catch up on things. that's so awesome! Hope u have a great weekend :) Pacers better not screw this up! What if there was a zombie apocalypse? Half of y'all monkeys wouldn't make it. Y'all be tweeting instead "dam this zombie crazy af" this is the woman you are standing next to. You know sitting out in the sun watching a soccer match can make you tired. yes, Over the course of my Sunday I watched 4 movies…. 3 were xmen related. Please follow me cause I've been with the Janoskians since day 1 :) and I will be there till the end :D Not as much as we love you Danni!! what we doin for the #Cats game?? What I established after dinner w/ & :Should've been a Gen-Xer. And, I'm hiring a 3eb cover band for my 27th b-day. I'll make out with my bf on the side of the street. Idgaf what no one thinks. Well Hello Nick, just wanted to tweet you let you know "Big Windy Cat", on the No Limits CD 09 ' is fresh. *(*. Paparazzi and lunatic fans don't realize how dangerous they make a situation. that's what friends are for “: seducing me into the Cult of the Ipad....” Keep those beautiful mornings coming! : hahah have fun Congratulations to our Chair-elect, ! Thanks to all the candidates for a good, spirited campaign. Hello love :) Im fine. Just stressed out. Wbu? You're off the hook for camera time. :) We hear ya on that one, Sarah. 150 flashcards by hand? We can feel the carpal tunnel just thinking about it. Happy flipping! You know what would be hella funny? To get #blakedavis trending. Hahahah Dang like everyone in fairview is going to be working at spinners pizza.... "That's the thing with music, when it hits you feel no pain." Well, I see that is almost to 5,000 followers, when it gets there, contest!!! you face is perfect the way it is. <U+0001F609> I am a talent manager in Hollywood need one? Even on the days you don't feel pretty, there's always going to be someone who thinks you're beautiful. Own it. BEST THING IVE HEARD ALL DAY!!!! :D that should tell ya something, don't you think? Delivered more shirts to Pome on S. Gaylord. They carry the Colo flag and Mile High shirts.... & lots of other gr8 stuff! #fauxchellaweek RT : CAN'T WAIT TO POUND BEERS WITH HOLOGRAM DICK CLARK AT NEW YEARS DOE “: "I don't even need this. Still banging Giselle tonight no matter what." -- Tom Brady just now.” Apartment for rent in syracuse, NY - Apartment-Advisor.com, an apartment search service, makes your apartment rentals search easy. RT : #chicfila iced tea is not a good idea for dinner. Been up since 4am on a caffeine high! Awesome! I saw a picture of him...he's adorable #IHaveNoTolerance For sexists and racists. He is a jerk & he's gross looking, he obviously has nothing going for him but he gets these girlfriends.. #WhatIsWrongWithSociety -.- Hi Mom! Guess who's in Africa! guess you can't join us? Someone please tell me why in the hell someone would open a tanning salon in an all black neighborhood? no but your dam proud when you do Glad u had a good birthday! everyone but you cares Hun and I know it hurts to have no friends to share this moment with so go make some it'll be okay ;) Follow to know what's going on in #Baltimore as its happening RIP, Steve Jobs. You were truly a visionary, and an inspiration to us all. Come on buckeyes I mean it is really strange when your ex talks to over half of your friends........................ Yeah, it would be a good scare tactic! RT : I think watching the movie Twister is in order.. you know just to prepare It's nice having a busy social life since my love life is dead. If you're a steelers fan..delete yourself from life..love, Bob. then lets go >:) Don't worry. It's a big city. I'll stay the court mandated 500' away from you. u can not fight love ....... so why are you doing that ... Listen to podcast. Today's episode features The Santa Clause and Punkin Chunkin. So im about to run out of gas... I should have followed my gut instinct!!!! Ugh!!! Ugh I want to go back to sleep; THE FUTURE IS BULLETPROOF, THE AFTERMATH IS SECONDARY, ITS TIME TO DO IT NOW AND DO IT LOUD, KILLJOYS MAKE SOME NOISE. my pleasure! enjoy 'em! Right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit Haiti on Feb 11. Pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed Ben's tweets make my life. Ready! RT : are you just sitting around like it's a normal day? come on let's go! it's a practice day! we gotta crank it up!! Its BS i tell u.. They gots to b geting their mate on. Speaking, please pray that God speaks through me! His Gospel will be heard loud and clear! LMAO Slap Boxing Gone Wrong! GM cuz happy mothers day <U+0001F48B><U+2764><U+0001F618> Can anyone tell me what the #brewers #magicnumber is “: if I have my party for my Birthday , will you come ?” dont know .. Tragedy today puts coaching/working in baseball in perspective and increases my gratitude for that opportunity.. Lorenzo Neal This weather in NJ is insane! Three days ago 75 degrees today less than 50. Glad I haven't turned off my heat! Moved portal to new location RT : aawww!! Y'all are so nice!! Thank you for coming!! :-) he's doing his best impression of roberto. yes, golf. Good catch Mike! I want an owl and,or a monkey. <U+0001F4F1> battery depleted Don't forget to catch Faviana on the Today Show for their REd Carpet, Golden Globe looks on NBC!! Since i'm getting an iPhone 4s, i have to delete half the photos i have. Just peeped my girl beat her brothas girls ass.. smokin a dutchie fulla #loud... Back to the regularly scheduled program nah heats! She's Got the Look! RT "80 degree Thurs. striped dress. Iced coconut coffee from " Is Clint Eastwood running for president? i guess.? Yeah i want an interview for anything. I need a job just not a dirty job. I'm burnin purple flowers Funnier to see become obese: Mick Jagger or Michelle Obama? I do, and that's a reason for choosing Much Ado About Nothing, even the title says escapism. We'll see if others agree. I need more followers u follow me I will follow uu Nights like this I want to drive a-wa-ay! thanks for the shoutout!!! Hope to see you all there I ( ) am now carrying on the great SportingKCRT legacy began by I will be retweeting all things Scary to venture out sometimes when the weather's like this... but we have all kinds of warm-up foods that will make the journey... Rt : Me: "Dawg I gotta show you the #slightwork progress!" *pulls out recent photo of abs* Big Sis: "That's day one?" #damn" for sure brother!! Really enjoyed last night's meetup. Great people and great conversation. Looking forward to the next event. RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization! fabulous. I will see you all in a few hours 12:00 am wow more time to live with. This is worth about a million bucks....already thinking about several items! What do you think about the cart? Keeping them? =) starting to worry that nova might be the odd man out, especially once pettite is ready. Thoughts? has interviewed Survivor, Big Brother and Amazing Race players. Getting an interview with would be AWESOME. Hey, thanks for the RT, Raven. Everyone, don't panic. Before Collin left, he had a romantic dinner with me and told me he can't imagine leaving my sexy self next season. Listening to Bryan Adams. Reminiscing about my youth. Was Here There is only one way to defeat the enemy, and that is to write as well as one can. The best argument is an undeniably good book. For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart Thank god for activated charcoal! HAPPY BIRTHDAYY KYLIE!!!!! come downtown w/ us! dont worry i'll remember where you park your car lol what's he thinking! I watch #Netflix so damn I be forgetting bout my House tv lol #NW Martin <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> OMG! have you been workin' out? You must have if you broke a persons arm when you shook hands(: LOL! Hey! I have a request. Who is your new trainer? The only reason I would ever need cable is to watch the news. The Today Show, Good Morning Texas, CBS This Morning, etc. It wasn't easy, but I was in way better shape. Trying to get back to that now. whats good wit it you makin beats? Happy New Year! Hope everyone has a "killer" year! oh fuck, didnt know it went up that much! nice. Omg best thing ever just happened. I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!! how do i get a pair of twitter shoes? designed by David Reese #GWU students: As you tackle your finals, remember that your faculty believe in you. Good luck, everybody - you can do it!! I know, it finally had to happen! On my way to dinner, no less, with who is way more of a sport about it than I was. We're working on a brand new homepage and instructional video. We can't wait to show you guys! Something i hate is looking down on my arms and looking at the scars i have from my cuts ha!! Same here. Wat u doing today? Looking so forward to partying w/ for #NYE #BodyEnglish ! #playmate with a huge heart! Have you tried our spaghetti and meatballs yet? It's a recipe from Leo and Sandy... Don't miss out! enjoying my mini vacation back in the SIPP from ATL and the comedy stage. I'll be back on stage next week tho cant stay off of it too long - I'm craving a bit of debauchery. Where are you, sinfully delicious? what up I need help. No resistance to the Peeps, and I cannot stop! i swear, if i have to see one more picture of you and your friends doing duck faces and peace signs... um who are these people....? yes, yes, and yes im so bored... Moving houses provides a lesson in how rapidly technology becomes obsolete. come over entrance is free today! You niggaz is pussy ,my time to b sexest, no equal rights maybe ill listen to the next bitch!!! #np Some Days- we aint in no relationship gurl lmfao i'm single out here for da time being and gon be dis way for a brick Day just keeps getting better Medical Alert Website is up and running. Let us know what you think! Thanks! <---is about to get a shout out on Kiss 97.3! Thanks for listening. Exciting jam in the making, Rotties - Natasha, Maulers - Asa thanks greg! aw, that's cute : best article in my 4 years here, died laughing through the entire thing I really hate that Haterade is using the Jordan sick game vs. Utah for a commercial. via : Technology makes it possible for almost any place to considered a library Early morning gym, unnaturally tired this morning -_- Pgh may not be the most vibrant city, but at least it doesn't smell like a sewage treatment plant when the wind blows. thank you(: This is the kind of effort i wanted in the last game.. KILL! KILL! KILL! At Game Salad party at The Parrish I love reading when I have the time I recently read hush hush cresendo and I am reading the last one now. They are really good. where u starting at? Love Papermoon! They have the best French fries and pies... “: I'm really embarrassed that I haven't been to this banana season. Who will help me right this wrong?” me me me Joe Hahn (Linkin Park) came to The Constant Gallery today, cool! Oh & Jeff Poe (Blum and Poe) came to relieve himself in our potty. Hahaha!! : paging nurse , Derrick Rose needs you. // oh man...I'm so bummed. I was hoping to go to a playoff game I don't seem to have pdb track. Oh... duh... I don't have the python-mode Ubuntu package installed at all. well I suppose you can say what you want....but I'm not asking what nerlens Noel's favorite love song is. Wait actually I might so sorry I am missing you all. Tough tough week with midnight or later nights every night. yeah for sure, oriakhi +bennett/jefferson+ that juco guard haha practice was pretty tight had the gym to our selfs and sparring was alright:) My foot is fucked up again! What?! Got called in to audition for Power Ranger?!?! i can never describe how much i love you in 139 letters! im watching your story on E! I love it! ur my idol! <3 xoxo Should I go to Drake on Wednesday? Thanks so much. I was thinking something less Gallilean. something more abstract. Read: "I'm not a big sleeper. It just feels like wasting time." MM At 's track meet! Goodluck<3333 Two fascinating back and forth scenes joined by one character. Great work RT The majority of the tweets from #OAH2012 are by public historians. Academic historians, get it together. this is a way of thinking. kids can get thru discussion Did you go to yet? you all need to go there too. Only 13 days until Graph Expo '10 in Chicago. Stop by the Brausse Group booth and say Hello. this dude right here needs the bottle wheres it at? Do these #s matter?? new forms of the matrix... twitter facebook created to keep us plugged in and unconscious, just a conspiracy thought! We could get you a cot next to the #SuperTreadmill. RT : Athletic Republic poster boy hes a bum. i dont want him to play anymore i swear omg To cleanse the palate! Nice to have a fresh start before you move onto a new set of flavors. S/O to all the people who wont be high tomorrow! some #FF love for our favorites: getting super excited for #ispany12 conference next week! True fans don't have "other" teams. DYK: U can puree (mix in a blender) most anything u eat & feed it to ur baby. Instant baby food, not processed. Save the jars for trips. EZ! Friedens Communtiy Ministries and Board of Directors would like to thank all that supported Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon 2012. ": I am a Celtics fan and it is only in my nature to hate on the Lakers when they are doing horrible (:" Rock Bottom Brewery: Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!! THE AVENGERS WAS AN AMAZING MOVIE <3 soo happy I saw it (: 140 MILLION TWEETS (X 25 WORDS). Now what do we do? Make children read long paragraphs (in textbooks). Should we care? Change your thinking. hey. Happy Birthday hun i like your picture :) CyberSecurity mounting threat. Now a nation-state military tactic. Hacking is an industry w/annual conference (DefCon) & media (2600). At the airport, on my way to #NY...I don't like to fly. Breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out. Don't hyperventilate! I loathe waiting in line at a Redbox... Longest opener in MLB history! What a game. Bullpen locked it down. Zumba doesn't count as working out We're just about the midpoint! Haha. Take care. thanks very much for the info! Priceless the looks on ppls faces when you're flying first class..... POOF!!!!! we'll be at both!! And Arizona in September!! BIG trips will be NOLA, TB, Zona and PIT My job is to tell the truth 24/7 about everything. I will never kiss ass for money. Definitely. RT : Barbie Graveyard. A million doll hairs. You feel me? Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Monday, Sept. 6th, Labor Day. GAs can benefit from having a needs/solution based focus to use with their students. Looking forward to your call! Tell my producer you are "Real Brother" from Twitter. There's nothing to spar about. And I only tweet about poop every 5 days. Which means I'm due for one Saturday! Stay tuned. omg yes!!!!I miss u! I was at the lake with N when u called and then it got late.When can we plan something? xxoo love you! At least they're making it an interesting season! Can't wait! ETA? here's a question: do Romar & co. not teach it, not teach it well, or do these players just not listen? that's ridiculous I`ve always wanted to go into an elevator full of strangers and say "I bet you`re wondering why I`ve gathered you all here today. Hoes will be hoes. They like to play around, so tell me how to love one that's running like a hound. Lambeau tour today with my bro and sister! great work coach! The yankees ball for sure. What a cool job! Thanks again. Hope you can make it, too. Are you planning to be in LA then? Isn't it a wild world? There is love and there is sadness, and there are miracles and madness. We may never understand. meeting with trill chick tomorrow she was dealt a bad hand in life; ugly AND stupid. why are not on america got talent anymore you where the best judge Ballet class tonight, Thursday 6 to 7:30 pm at Dance Alloy Theatre. Sounds like you've been on a songwriting roll lately! Can't wait to hear 'em :) I'm also excited for #KaysleeEP!! Still sandwiches, soda, cake, and lots of mustard done in the lobby! Just another night on the town for "iron and winey" and "tron man" WE MAKING MOVES JUST LIKE THEY WAS MAKING MOVES IN ATL BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S I'm waiting for to tell Mr. President his endorsement of marriage equality is a big f*cking deal. Much appreciated sir! Great workshop and will definitely be using lettering.js after seeing it. About to go on air at 107.5 with about the Detroit video!! Just had a Jamba Juice smoothie. Hit the spot. #WBCMediaWhores are to blame for atheism. And most of the other Undesirable isms too. so I have this theory that maybe, just maybe they decided they wanted to scrap the old video and use the "deeper" stuff for a song later on? Imagine Stephen A. Smith's outside voice. your beautiful babe :* This is the #suns team I love! Congrats SteveNash! 30pts, 10 assists, Suns alltime assist leader and a true basketball genius “: Polls close: 47% turnout reported; PM #Netanyahu to deliver victory speech to #Likud supporters at 12:30am." // too bad.. I concur...RT Store-bought sushi is edible, I suppose, but it just doesn't compare to the real thing. that's the best part With all this smoke in the air today, Metro Eye has eyedrops to protect your eyes from the haze. Stop in! just did our first print and it came out awesome! hey boo boo!!! xoxo Just locked myself out of my condo... Great start to my weekend.... im fine girlfriend gearing up for softball! and golf yep wuld love to c u. i hope twitter straightens out cant ask CB to follow me oh ok well gnite Hahaha gurllfriend chu the prettiest person alive and sure Andy go ahead. x] Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it MO REPLIED TO ME. OMG OMG OMG OMG. THANK YOU. YOU ARE MY SAVIOR. AAAAAAAAHHHH, i'm telling my mom brb. This summer is gonna be the first glimpse of burning hell. Santé! RT enjoying a homemade Hummingbird cocktail while making dinner Red House Painters' Katy Song...so damn good. I don't know how I was so late. I love this album so much. But Katy Song, especially. Calling it now. will prevail as the winner of #TheVoice Season 2. Got get em girl! Really fun show last night with and at ! Hopefully we can do it again SOON:) If Presecco is your bag baby the Lamarca is outstanding for $13. Happy Lively bubbles that last a long time, great acidity & clarity. RT What are your New Year's resolutions going to be? Health goals? Exercise? Diet? Rest? Shem y u acting up??? Smh *pulls knife out* now u beta chill lol Congrats KJ! RT : Kris Jenkins joins CBS Sports this season as a contributor for The NFL TODAY and INSIDE THE NFL on Showtime If you live in NYC or know any drawing bands from NYC, we NEED YOUR HELP!! Need cool bands to help draw in mid Dec, post links in comments does Socrates have another name or something is he in this book? come be a part of the family of The Big Blue Nation<U+E42A><U+E42A> yeah I agree that Yossi is being given more abuse than he deserves, although I'm still rather disappointed he made that tweet yeah man!! It came out dope, good looks Meeting with to help with social media this afternoon! Stay tuned for some cool stuff with the !! RT like a man dick? : Mainstream media not covering all interesting angles, stories. Have to turn to twitter. i will watch #TVD tonight and i WILL like it! lol;) yeh its true. Taking my oldest to see hunger games. I know! Only the blah "retweet"... Kudos to for using star power to talk about how messed up this society is when it comes to being superficial & obsessed w looks! Congrats! And good luck on the Ph.D. program! We love it when the cocktails are held to same standards as the food! Reading the script of Pulp Fiction. HILARIOUS!!! that was great TV. If I remember correctly, the car escaped just as we went to the TODAY Show new too and I will aways credit Kimberly for us meeting! Had a dream I had a real G convo with Nancy Botwin and I woke up feelin great Call your Rep to oppose harmful H.R. 4970 & support #VAWA for all woman, regardless of race or status! 202-224-3121 no judgement-- I do stuff like that all the time. I just worry that i'll forget to delete my own snarky commentary! Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u #AskAlex what's ur hat size?!? Credit where due. Nice goal. Destroying in some hoops! We are about to announce a new promotion! We will be giving out a $50 and $25 gift certificate to the winner, check back soon! I'm following you :) Just recovering from sat hangover #smh sucks ciroc and henn don't mix! prep the caffeine and fast digesting carbs! OMG OMG Can i come there?again that other person asked Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from. Shipping to any of our stores is free! n yalls secret is finally out, dammit...i knew it! The A is wut that is! So watcha puttin on the grill this weekend OG ;)? Editing of EPISODE 3: JOHN AND BRITTANY has commenced with ! Pics to come! you should have just had another Guinness! Fashion on the Fly: Minka Kelly Keeps it Cute & Casual at LAX (PHOTOS) Even dressed down, Minka Kelly looks gorgeous! The Friday Night Li Awh D; Well I hope you feel better<3 If you're reading this with slumped shoulders... stand tall! Posture is the window to the spine. New Track "The Skyline" up on our Myspace. Check it out and try not to wet yourself. www.myspace.com/theunionsound of course. :) what's up? Yaw remember that show r u smarter than a 5th grader? No one learned that stuff in 5th grade. I still dont know some of that stuff now. Any news on if his teammate Adolphus Washington will make the trip as well? The great forest of Swagtopia RT lmfaoo where may I get this swag dust from ? Right back at ya! awweeee my poor numbeer zeero! hope you feel better <U+2665> C: Time to retire the phrase "ruin porn." That awkward moment when 's microwave is waaaayyy smarter than you. sometimes parents don't know what they deserve because they never had what they deserved either. I may be a failure, thats all you'll ever see. But when the dust has settled you'll be so much less than me. PR Tip of the Day: Before calling a television reporter with a story, ask yourself, “Will anyone want to watch this?” www.RealNewsPR.com We got this! RT If it's raining in #SD.. rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team Hammond's Candies' new PB&J Chocolate Bar just won Most Innovative Chocolate product at May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift it is the best at their show for that!! yes, i love it here :) can you teach me how to dougie?? :) Book lovers never go to bed alone. - Anonymous In hair and makeup w/ James and Emily! My hair almost burned! My old iPhone be on that shit. Trying to listen to it on the bose but it's being a real douchebag.. to the highest degree of douchebaggery. WORK: heading to a local basement to get familiarized with a 1" IVC video deck that might just unlock charlottesville cable access history you can shit on 58% of them at least, regardless of where you've lived. Thanks! Its a really fun race. Training isn't much different than doing only a Full, just include a few back-2-back long runs. Just found out Bmth new album title It's pretty good Any potential release dates for the game you're working on? no doubt. Sorry for the biased statement, ment it out of love. Ur still here bc u can't stand to be away from me that long! It's ok u can admit it! LOL You know what……… YOU KNOW WHAT. You should totally rape my follow button(: lol I'm If you are trying to find those photos, hold off on the refresh button...we'll get em to ya as soon as we can :) lol . Alright corn nut head. Love that post! And loved sharing it a few weeks ago in our #twitter chat! hey did you get this going tonight? wait are these similar to pot brownies? If not we be fine. I'll take a batch please sebastian:Why? Because I can. YAYA TOURE!!!!!!!!!!!!! WITH THE WINNER!!!!! AN ABSOLUTE BEAUTIFUL GOAL!!! Hey I'm bringin the party to + the fam w/ SHOTS! Leggo! Wow...just wow. Who has the time to come up with this stuff. I just raised their time on site significantly. YES. We will sign Walter. /cc: I need a good lawyer can anyone help? Yes he does. :) Are zebras black with white stripes or white with black stripes? My non geek pal says "it's because they spend too much time indoors. Give them some sun and vitamin D" # geekdepression Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4. Thoughts? thats great news! Hate when my son is sick he's so not himself Haha! Love it :) That was the longest fucking movie ever!! But was really good. What a contradicting statement. Scottsdale has average temperatures of 70-80 degrees, it's amazing! I just want to cuddle <3 You're welcome! Happy Friday! ": smashed da fuck out of them salads" YEA, I DID IT!!! He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb it sounds really good right now. haha Thank you Ann! I am happy to be following you as well. I am just trying to figure this out so not posting much. who need beats my wrists are fully slit listening to this fairy talk about his #BLADES I'm sickened how do I reply to lol?? because I've had bad enough night before I even got started with this, and now it seems like it just got worse Welcoming warm san diego weather. Ah Practice practice practice Extreme Cheapskates takes 'cheap' to a whole new level. This man said he picked up the rice thrown at his wedding & cooked it for dinner. So who wants to be friends :) you'd think i was epileptic with all these hungover twitches i'm experiencing. I would love to do this Seattle2Vegas rally. want 2 do it with me 4 carcast/car show? www.theamericaadventure.com I'm so tired.. will be 115 & without shoes it'll be like 90. idc if you guys have matching shoes or not, so you can buy a cheap pair or borrow thanks brotha! When do I see you as a genie again? My tennis racket broke. :( if not then thats fine My human form has grown weak. I need nourishment. Great talk last night. Thanks for sharing your experience (and vacation!) with us. Did you know the retina in your eye contains two types of cells? They are called Rods and Cones. benn a Min SInce i was on Here.. hm!!!! Health Tips: suddenly decrease daily calories by about 400+ and your body will read famine and slow down your metabolism! Tweet #300 - way to go PJ!!! At Work: Crazy Day- Obama presser at 12:45 or so...the "Or so" makes us wonder if he'll wrap in time to start TOTN at 2. Yay for Live Radio. Goodnight twitter! “: u got lucky” This is true! I just put up with your odd tastes ;)~ Love what you do! I am willing to be a friend to you if you desire, what state are you in, think about joining this group, it's now Great brunch to start to the week with It's always wonderful to catch up! Thanks for carving out some time. underwater basket weaving and global communications? omg im love the song mistletoe and in the morning and when were switching classes . ! (: ": God is good. Was in an accident earlier today but except for a mild headache I am fine. #grateful"..GodBless you my friend... I wear a safety pin around my necklace so incase I need to cut at school or somewhere else I can. what's good son?! 7 in double figures! Spurs starting playoffs very well. The breeze is all cool on my booty. *giggles* also hoping I can play guitar for ur yoga class again sometime soon; that was great! AT&T: customer service responders sign their responses so users know they're talking to a person. Trying to justify a cupcake for breakfast right now Just took WAY too long to get a cab in a city with 13 million plus I am feeling really Hostile right now.. Smh -- I hate people that try and use others -- umm um GNite • nap b4 work Auditions went well. I should know something by Thursday. When you can't understand what the asian ladies at the nail salon are saying to you so you just nod. -_- We are heading to Westwood near UCLA to do some sampling! Come meet us! Work flow... 12-6 AGAIN I REALLY hope its slow enough for me to get off early , better yet . RAIN dammit ! Thanks you! Set Your Goals is one of our favorite bands. Oops, we gave the wrong date... Our Open House is September 23 . It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers. The people I follow always make my day more interesting. Follow Me Please #100 :D indeed man!!!! Awesome!!!! When u wanna record bro!' Thanks for the RT. I'm glad to hear you enjoyed my latest post. I hope all is well with you, Kevin. we are on the air groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com w/ talks with about what said on #GayMarriage & what the #WhiteHouse thinks. So you're the reason I had to eat my Starbucks oatmeal with a fork the other day. Well played, sir ... well played. Try a 5-to-10 second isometric hold at the peak contraction point of each exercise rep. It will leave you feeling like dy-no-mite! Thanks, SCVB, for hosting the #2DaysInSeattle launch party at the Renaissance. Great turnout from Seattle's hospitality community. #clover machine is cool but I don't like how they only brew pike and force you to pay extra for bold now! :( it's the principle lml and she was dead twanging lol "Are you "In" LinkedIn? SEO-ize yourself, join groups your customers care about and listen, use the Answers section!" via Thnku 2 everybody that came out to celebrate my bday! 5:30am and I'm just gettin in! I had a ball Shoutout 2. E.v.a. Pro. S/O 2 my bro Kev Let's do it! It may even be ready before you go on tour. We WOULD have to drink a bunch of bottled beers first though. Great way to support our locals! RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week. What a great concept. Loving my family & my man to the max!!! So why did you guys sleep in or wake up super early on this awesome saturday? Da Sheckals will be releasing a new single in the coming months. It will titled "Bootymeat.". Well done by Kevin Costner Homeowner struggling to make payments? Contact us to learn about all of your options&how a #shortsale can help www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com that duality and instant availability is best example of social media at its finest. Can't wait until tomorrow, scraps all day. yep, just guessing. And you'd need to client-side subtract them from results for a more pure geo search Oh no. LOL Someone sent me some Grape Mad Dog 20/20! That ain't wine, that's swine! Christens sleeping over (: 2night on tour hey bud, the SiriusXM nation will be praying for you. (yes, it's an actual republic with flag & everything) Seriously, be well! #rolln n I #AM on a xpill $$$ high You Excited for Orlando ? Let rock Florida The awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem . Paul Pierce again showing he has no class. Pistachios are great! I wonder how much is too much? This tyler the creator dude is a moron... #vmas #who? ok cool Me2!!!how many cody stuff or cody merch do u have!?if many how many also if tweet me the same! eat a homeless dick Thanks very much for the follow! Be on the lookout! “: Will you be handing out tiny underwear again? #PRSMS ” what hotel are we staying at? Text me please x. Sometimes I just want to throw my phone off the wall... Soccer: Robson: Jose Mourinho can succeed Ferguson Manchester United legend Bryan Robson believes Jose Mourinho has the right credential Gonna try this twitter thing Update: Doc's Assit came out & now lil man has 2 have 3 teeth pulled & spacers put in, said he should feel a lot better:-) Is anyone else still awake...? “: how am i suppose to see you when you are not coming to my state? :'(” what state? who u nigga?! YOU CAN HAVE YOUR #BEACHLIFE OVER HERE IN PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA! WE HAVE NICE BEACHES! If you on my TL & You know u sexy gone head & RT this with yo bad self I saw the Weinermobile on 95. Didn't realize that it doubles as a tour bus. That's about all I have for today... lol a mess k he said wed 330 Thanks very much for the recommendation. I think I'm gonna go comfortable tomorrow! Shorts and a t-shirt... Not sure<U+0001F632> Now, you cannot know if there is a deception unless you know the meaning behind the apparent design. For that, you need the math & geometry. checking in on this thing.......doug Apparently the secret service isn't so secret... Well All I Can Say Is Today Was Another Days Journey And I`Am Glad About It I can never find Jordans in a size 14 in Austin... Going into the bathroom after someone just showered feels like entering the rainforest. You don't need much extra room--there's less free swag at SLA than at ALA, in my experience. happy mothers day! I hate making returns, its one of the reasons I haven't shopped online for clothes in ages. Roman Reloaded ,Roman Revenge, Woo Hoo ,Monster ,Starships, whip it RT : 3 buses and 3 vehicles leaving from FMU Monday heading to Sanford,FL to rally for Trayvon Martin Your Welcome(: No matter if it is good times or bad, people always need a little motivation in their work and life All Im gonna say is "neigh". I only realize now that the time when Austin retweeted my tweet about bullying, I was there ditching my best friend I had for 9 years. :/ Margaritas & Poi, Tacos & Mai Tais? Thats what you get when you have a big Hawaiian Fesitval (Sat/Sun Deanza Cv) on Cinco de Mayo weekend: #ifyouknowmeyouknow that although we know each other, I don't trust you. YW, thank you!! I m honored to be involved are you going to the 1D concert?:) IDK but u can try channel 71 I have comcast soo Three years ago today, I spilled coffee on myself & then showed up for my first day at Think it's a great night to hear some of your music! :) Time to make some pancakes. My team the Detroit Tigers came from 2 points in the 7th inning. Way to go boys! Magic number is 12, one step closer to the playoffs!! Just wrapped shooting on "Romcom" for my friend Nima. Put my 'Ari Gold' on for this one. A tale of poets, love and friendship gone wrong. To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth Summer schedule of MBA classes is coming together. Highlights include "Business Analytics," a new elective by Professor Thompson. #All My Children is being canceled. What a run. For people my age, daytime soaps were such an epic part of the world we grew up in. Now saying #Braves-#Rockies will resume at 10:20. We'll see. The weather + country music in class ?!?? & they wonder yy we sleep in class . Correction: just fell asleep listening to this record. Still bores me to death. I swear the person that is reading this right now is flippin BEAUTIFUL!!! RT!!!!“: Drakes new shit is so outplayed.” I despise cheap ass people, especially when you got the money to spend I kind of suck at parsing poetry. Welcome home! :-) I hate seeing those "disclaimers" Off to SoCcEr!!!!! :)) can't wait to see my Best friends!!!! Haha and yes my BFFs r 6 boys and 2 girls!! And I'm proud to say tht!!!!! please let's go shopping and Mexican : ) no way we train early here For reasons too complicated/stupid to explain, I suddenly have the urge to make a movie called Cyborg Bigfoot. I fucking love you guys! See you on the 26th here in new york mother fucking city! Love that talking about #Packers tonight regarding draft! After this World Cup, FIFA must implement goal line technology and official replay. halfway to Lexington :):):) Peter Kuntz: Observation on conference: struck by shift in the conference from the static to the dynamic. AUDITIONS in 5 days @ NYC LEATEA Theatre Auditions for Sweet Charity, Jesus Superstar, and Midsummer for ages 13-21 Spread the word! The Bucks are probably the WORST team I've ever seen in clutch situations. How many times have they not even got a shot off on th last play? If I remember our 2nd date correctly, hot Starbucks coffee didn't treat you too well either. PS: Boy, embrace your decision! Who will police the police is a fundamental question for all societies? The man is a thug... It feels really incredible to walk into my store and see that coffee has been flying off the shelves. Nothing stays the same.... Round the rocks the rugged rascal ran I am not sure about the hairfall. Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel. There is a Yoga class at the Campus Center and Aerobics class at PE 156 at Noon. Turkey bowl in the morning! Me and are dressing to impress! Ok, Wednesday, you won. I'm going to bed. Just running the Urbanspoon reservation lottery for Ludobites. again has something up her sleeve . . . coconut shrimp, grouper creole, wine, Caribbean breeze... It's Friday! We hope our Twitter family has the best weekend! and you come to the realization that none of it even mattered...... When did bk get rid of chicken fries?! Wahh Thank you, have a great weekend. Hiking is so chic, until you go hiking. everyone heading home today PLEASE be careful, only by the grace of god that I swerved and avoided accident on the highway i wasn't that drunk ?!!! dude you threw a toothpick in the forest, and yelled "ur home " Time Warner is the worst ISP on the planet. that is one reason I'm glad (for TT) that he a Jet: TSpan and Rex DO believe Fuckin refs man!! Green was fouled twice!!! RT: Dress hangn off yur shoulder, barely sober, tellin me how you movin away and startin over Girl quit playin you just drunk Good morning!!! sigh. Yoyos only dominated for so long. I Need Me A MPC! Making Beats With The Keyboard Is Wack been one here for a couple of years, mostly follow basketball stuff RT : soo proud you have a twitter new song is so sick. I cant wait to hear all the new shit, you guys never disappoint. I wouldn't care either bro. Great job. My iPhone and I have reached a new level in our relationship. It has finally stopped autocorrecting "Brangelina." couldn't tell you the last time I've been out to a party lol shieet Christmas decorations going up at my house tomorrow? yes, yes they are MLB has the worst opening nights. Look what they did to the giants last year. 'right now I'm the supporting man in a weepy when I want to be the leading man in a porno'... RIP Leslie Nielsen. You are awesome. oh, I know about pulsing headaches. I had one today too. I've counted several factors that trigger them, 2 combined are enough Mythology? Now that sounds fun. I'm having a good day. Yummy lunch with my Mama! I think I might listen to some Mayday Parade today. Celebration for the sake of celebration. cool. Did MTV call u yet? I'm going out of my mind all day and all night. I really wanna go to reenos today with .i hope my bf is DTG cause seriously its been a while. The boys soccer coach is English and looks vaguely like Jason Statham. I love soccer. Looking work with real estate agent from all over the world. Please call me or visit my website www.kinworth.com Ola'i - Hawaiian for earthquake or a pumice stone used to polish canoes. Happy Birthday to and Nancy & Dara . thanks for the RT's! Winter Wellness Weekends! Enjoy HALF OFF any massage every Saturday and Sunday. www.ElevationsMassage.com How does everyone like the new background? SO Gladd I brought headphone <U+2665> - life saver . Sending posi vibes to on her first day back in library land! i'm tired. - eugene. lauren hasn't tweeted yet. i'm gonna get that girl. I'm far from perfect.....that's why I don't throw rocks <3 Missed my 1,600th tweet thnx to hype.fm. So. Dedicating 1,601 to my first follower and social networking mentor #digitalLOVE <U+E328><U+E328><U+E312><U+E418> Now you tell me that there is a "proper" way to ride a bike on a balmy 40 deg North Central Day!!! pic.twitter.com/EBR76woj” makes more sense that way...they make products so frequent!! there shud be a limit Keep calm. Holy shit your gonna call the cops!!! Let's tweet about it guys(; #ilovemyfamily(: Loyalty is key Avengers: EMH is no doubt my favorite show on TV right now, no other show makes me so happy. Lose the attitude and I'll consider it. :p Tell me your secrets, yeah, the shit that you ain't ever told Steen it will make for better TV for sure #VEVOnewfront "It's job of ad agency to push client/ brand into new territory." Spencerport School District, students and families dealing with tragedy this morning. So far, people are only talking online… Work was interesting.... Time to tell my seximexi how this chica feels aha and tell my boyfriend how stupid seximexi is I. Hate. You. #happyfathersday to all the "dads" out there. Missing mine today, but know the fam is spoiling him back home in Baltimore Ravens because after beating the Steelers twice, the AFC North and a 1st round bye is theirs for the taking. Did it #rapture yet? I think I might have missed it when I wasn't giving a fuck. Trust and believe that #Godisable to do anything you ask Him to. Quite welcome, let us know if we ever can be of assistance! Cheers, E. Gossard proud of and her book! RT i feels yuh. Yuh finish dhat project : oh I'm bored. Don't understand ppl who threaten to unfollow major celebrities like and Made it to the front page of Google for the search term "Grown Man Business"!!! Yep. Zero. They got an earful from me. Why do you think i'm having lunch with you, obviously is it to help you correct this atrocity :~) Your tweets made my day. It's the absolute best that you know how many NCEs you have (&where they are) in a second. MetroStage's production of "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Tickets for Tonight's 8:00 performance on sale now. www.metrostage.org you better! <U+0001F618> That Subways was on point earlier. You're not helping me here! Kudo's to Petra Mitchell on her great speech at the Heinz History Center for the Catalyst Connection Banquet! Hello to all my new friends! Signing with new commercial representation today, and away we go! Bowling with the Fam is always fun. I stink at bowling but I had a good time! Eating Hershey's kisses :* <U+0001F49F> so, somebody light up my device, i need some conversations to get going "Teenagers are either drunk, stoned, texting, having sex, or asleep." I find that offensive. some of us like to eat too, you know. Don't let people from your past hold your present hostage and control your future. Allow yourself to laugh, love, & most important...live! At the show with Anisa : D good to see you tonight. Congrats again and I can't wait for your detailed and diligent reporting. Great quote! If my mom saw all your tweets,she probably would no longer like you.....lol Threw that one away. Losing is one thing. Tossing a 3-0 lead you got in the first period is another. So many people tweeting about the midnight showing of Avengers. Makes me the most sad. RT - If the Jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags and the tampa buccaneers are the bucs what are the Tennessee titans? this news better be you won the lottery or something on that caliber or I'll be disappointed RT : Dunbar's number says humans can only maintain 150 relationships. Avg number of Facebook followers is 130. The 5 love Languages: 1. Physical touch 2. Acts of Service 3. Gift Giver 4. Words of Affirmation 5. Quality Time For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE ($55 off) One hand washes the other , both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way. Oh my, Adam Lambert's music is absolutely captivating, and his voice is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.<33 I will pray for him (: A look ahead to 2012 for employment, real estate and the economy in general for Oregon tonight @ 6 on KGW. Come to #ReserveLounge 2nite to see H-toWNS OWN & Florida's OWN of LaBelleMafia PERFORM LIVE* OMG AW.<3 YOUR ICON IS DA BEST. this when y'all can end the group shit lol Dear Maine. Epic Fail. . I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS! My sweat is turning pink from my red hair at the gym. Thanks Bro.! Hope all is well in AB RT : Shout out to Hope you are doing well !! Back from Gold Beach. Open today! Reindeer, Raindear, Reigndeer!! that's for sho somebody told me that jean grae was on friday -- it's tonight though! at the uwmilwaukee gasthaus! she's coming out of hiding... Thought you would want to know that a #weller,Alexandria, () has died because of bullying. do I need to step up my nerdism to hang with you guys? I haven't read any HP. Hell, I can barely read. After a Dwayne Eley, Jr. fumble, the Storm capitalize and score on a rushing touchdown from QB Stephen Wasil. Storm lead 48-17 lol if you tell me Reminded tonight of sheer scale/violence of UR in SF: its Redevelopment Agency made DURA (Denver UR agency) seem like a warm, comforting hug Too bad there's no one to hit behind Votto... +try 2 purchase there way to 'enlightemtnt' cool, but can only form thoughts within the framework of the marketplace + Monsters INC is on Dinsney xd right now! Everything in life leads me back to a song. Grateful that reignited my passion. “: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him. ” Carnival of Souls, Beverly Lane and Underground Entertainment-The Movie at The Paramount Tonight starting at 6pm. $10 at door! Bar at 9pm just sent my resume to the desert Did you get your Mcdonalds? As long as it wasn't murder burgers. We learned bout White Castle the hard way! lol El Paso with my mom:) No, somehow the air quotes come through loud and clear from the tone of voice. It's all very self-referential. (And annoying.) I need something to do in the mean time hello Melky!!! Follow me;) Break That Single show is on 11am to 1pm PST M/F Breaking new music for the world to enjoy. MISS YOU TOO HALEY . <U+E052> what's up GURLL ? Back from #ila2011. Lots of great learning, exchanges, connections, and memories! My stomach hurts so bad. I think I've discovered my "type," it appears to be sarcastic, inappropriate assholes. Obvi. please follow me on keek xSuperwomanx3 i have to go i love you ! <3 I am going to a reference librarians symposium at Columbia University today Thanks for the love. , we hope to see you soon! oh, yes. I can attest to that. Says the single guy sleeping at a radio station and then there were 22! Hilarious stories about crazy women told by their boyfriends. I like to think i am 1 of a kind. So please, dont rain on my parade;) Thanks Patti much appreciated. Just learned that has been suspended by Twitter. Sent appeal... but not optimistic. easiest CMS I've ever used in terms of implementation. If you know PHP, you'll get Perch in less than an hour. Need another excuse to visit? RT : Randall will be our sommelier tonight, showing off our new vins de terroir wine list! in boulder at Centro. well- this is different :) cool -- show me? :) hope I didn't miss something obvious? Lunch in raleigh Something for you to take home, and keep the stress level low in the next committee meeting :) Its Sunday time adding it to my list! Peace, Love, and Happiness for All around the World! #hair gurus: any tips on how to get a joan harris (nee holloway) esque updo? Ryan Braun is a cheater! FACT! RT : Ryan Braun has his own clothing line through Affliction Clothing. hey Khloe how is Lamar handling being out of the playoffs that was such a kind message. Thank you!! God, It's hotter in my house than it is outside The Heat are going down!!!!! it is a subscription channel. what should I do today? heck no The Midas List? Yeah, sure, &amp; I'm Brad Pitt - GigaOM how long does it go? I may stop by around 8pm. This hit me at the wrong time... Smh the fat blue fox jumped past the boring dog. is looking forward to all the new beats that came out of ultra 2012 should be some goodies! laying down vibing ,and precious wss trippen on me last night smh let us stay young or let us live forever that's cool. Haden needs to stay away from there. And the Barley House lol. Seems like he's always there. Location mentioned in a student story: "Statin Island." No cholesterol problems there. got 3 fancy office chairs today and they came with 4 pieces of candy. i ate them all. getting pages blocked by fire host protection... Thanks! That is so good to hear! Stay tuned for very aggressive Shin Do Kumate' Muay Thai fight campaign in 2012. AGDYon RADAR this week.... I know! I'm trying to figure out what to wear! Retweet if you LOVE #karaoke! The time comes again for us football fans not to mute the TV during commercials Sometimes you wonder if anything was real at all... Life isn't fucking easy, but anything worth having rarely is. :C I HATE MY LIFE damn i miss youu! get back in my lifee Yes! Yes! Yes! My take from Akinade: Africa's scientists have much to offer! Problem is access to Western data, places to publish their work. all the school activities are announced on the announcements... except swiming #thanksfortherecognition #whereisthelove? Who's heading out to see tonight?? Thank you to and for a great conversation on innovative partnerships! Did this drive take the entire half? Thanks for stopping by the booth during ! , , , FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MONKEY" to the bartender and your first drink is free. I really hope they're one.. if anything at least the at store is unified. Ah haha !:DRT : *cries :'(( RT : Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious <3 Car bumper sticker seen: "This Car us a Horcrux" after that it's a fairly sizeable dropoff Yay! Glad you enjoyed! Have a nice week end every one!! :-) Everyone add me on scramble with friends! :) if you have one though lol dirtydannnnn Nice work. Keep it up. I know all about catching up. That's all you do in law school. ;) why do i loose all my fucking clothes? So great standing with you in solidarity this evening brother. I like Marquis Daniels coming back to the #Celtics. Danny is smart in going for continuity for the shortened season. Dear haters- I have so much more for u too be mad at,just be patient.. ;) I watched it 598 times. Going to my first Detroit Lions Thanksgiving game on Thursday. Not a fan of either team...but free tickets will not go wasted We Love Colors, it's a clothing company Impossible, wrong day :) thought that was pontiac.... Bet it up I seriously act high half the time & I don't even smoke weed. @/blondesouthgaga wont let me get her a birthday present after she fucking saved my life! :((( talk her into it people! :)) love has no gender l-g-b-t<3 I 'll say a prayer for you and your family to make it thru the fires safe and unharmed. my best friends... Andrew, Ulysses and Benji JOIN our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 10:30 am at 24th & Mission! A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm. - Charles M. Schwab we have a lot in common u like red me 2 u smile when u sleep me 2 im crazy u r 2 haha i love love u u love me? tweet me udo I followed 's advice and changed my twitter picture to one that showed my face a little bit more. zombies, as in black ops/callofduty!!!!!!!!!! :D ...that and the floor being made of hot lava So scattered brain right now. Going to be a different kind of weekend. Today's BTU inspiration: "If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?" ~Kahlil Gibran If I had one wish, and I could have anything in the world... idk i think so but id k !:) Missing CNI 11, trying to finish a bunch of things before heading off to Cape Town! Lost in march madness, gators beat the buckeyes AGAIN thanks to lady gator hoops victory in 1st round women's tourney. Take that ! I actually enjoyed Project X. Home bound now! Wait, what's not one-click? And yes, the GET was for OpenSearch Yeah... spread the word. Just hanging out. Headed to Birmingham to pick up my #grant. I hope it is a big plastic game show check. going to bed i cannot think straight. You know a party is crazy when your co-worker gets banged in the pooper on your front lawn at 4am. And your neighbors complain the next day. They're descending into Kai Tak airport on Pan Am ... ahahah trying to land into the crowd of buildings ... "designed by Satan." This is one giant complex of mutually enabling avoidance behavior. You're a crazy person, Russ, but I love you. Thanks! Hi, test data shows we’re using 20% more CPU to perform 250K more IOPs, outperform Q by 50%, CPU effic. 33% better in result Looking forward to it! It's going to be a great show guys! Think where mans glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends Yes, just signed up for the showcase next week. See you there! how many of my followers live in the US? Hey! whats up! have you ever had or considered getting a cat? ;>] Sad about Christopher Hitchens. Didn't agree with him always but always admired his belief in voice. And he was really something at the end. What have you been working on lately? Lol... How are ya buddy? Out on the road? We still need to get together and write a good old country smash hit! Come on Utah! #TwolvesDraftPartyPush Also, I can't complain about watching more Jamaal Tinsley I have to go all day trying not to stab someone in the face. Some just want to get retweeted by These bucket head bitches kill me... I can't believe you'd ax such a question. stay cool Aaron my bro... Delay of production on deadine And furthermore, . took a tour of the Capitol today! I was there all day and had no idea! So mad... Cc: I'm not believing specific Carolina beat writers for this, but it is clear there is a lack of dedication to covering Carolina from papers. I used to look on wistfully watching my friends & coworkers fiddle with their iPhones..now im geeking on a Galaxy S2. Amazing. I don't get y ppl get butt hurt about gays. Like if they like u don't get butt hurt til after u teL them ur not gay. They can say ur cute. I'm picking this game as an App State v. Michigan upset! glad to love your music. Finished TIMELESS by last night and now I'm adrift without a book to read. I also miss Alexia. Sniff. Spring Break! I will DM you my info. Haircut time, they better not fuck it up! wow check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube he is an amazing singer follow him he's fantastic !!!!!!!! follow Do you have any idea what bag I sport to go with my favorite #ThugInACocktailDress? TEDASHII and LECRAE are some Beast Christian Rappers! God is Good!! I hope all those arrested by #nypd for lawful sidewalk presence go to jury trial and file civil charges over the illegal thuggery Love my Kitchen Aid mixer but have returned every attachment that I've purchased for it... Back to slicing carrots with a knife... Yes indeed! And we gonna leave KoKo on the island lol "Stay in touch with the conversation, subscribe to the RSS feed for comments on this post" Success doesn't come to you......you go to it. SO true! Not fun at all. Where are you applying? Two really good sessions: SM across the enterprise and compliance. RT : Armstrong says AOL's goal is to have Patch profitable by end of 2013 DUDE! I JUST SCREAMED! GOD DONT SCARE ME! that text just made me smile =D thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of kids biking indoors on our 123GoTV. Just covered on NBC News I might make fun of StL'ians, but please don't none of y'all die in a tornado, mmmkay? Our review of Siri: Great virtual assistant, but she refuses to fetch us lunch or write tomorrow's RAMP for us. Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia. I can't sleep because I'm busy thinking about you. Rahm, in his 1st spring as mayor, has neglected the old ways & proper sacrifices. Apparently there was a filing error. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. click on their profile there is an unfollow all (boards) button under their profile picture. Then go back to your board & repeat Oh nice! what part of new york are you from? Who has two thumbs and is not going to bother watching the Pat crush the Giants? New hand-crafted cocktails! Try our Fig Mescal Sour: Fig-infused mescal, fresh lime, fig bitters & egg white! hahaha!!!!!!!! I might just drink hot sauce instead of water at pratice now lol packing and packing...off to Philadelphia I go in 15 days...what a change that will be! I've been touched by an angel. (a homeless guy named angel) Next time! I'd love to. Great pt RT A5 Declining ratings due to increasing trend of ppl using mobile/tablets. Eyeballs still there He just mkes my day better whn he texts me Sad I #amnotwriting more today, but glad to be out on the town with my mom and trying on my dress! hell naw I seen u the other week downtown drinking a big ass beer What is with Johnny Depp's accent? Teaching photography to 3-5th graders this week... It's Opening Day at the K, I'm up and on my way to the stadium for some early morning TV spots! So I finally got around to activating my MobileMe account.. Now Apple is not accepting new members. From my Heart to yours, If no one ever told you. YOU are BEAUTIFULLY made#FLAWS&ALL the avail of buildable lots in Brickell is almost dry. I'd say take the opportunity. It's a beautiful bldg & desirable area. Can make you feel so small <U+266A> with ass in chemistry. Police are searching for the husband of a woman found stabbed to death inside her Burlington home on Thursday. Damn it! I missed Mad Men yesterday. Is it on AMC's website? With Santorum standing down his campaign we'll now begin to see a vision for our Nation take shape. - JDG Need This JOB Bad It's hard to believe that the series finale of #DesperateHousewives is tonight. So long, Wisteria Lane... Being from the USA, I don't completely understand this version of football. Regardless, I hope your team wins I wish I could leave this place. 1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into #Avengers affairs. Why would you wear a beanie over a snapback, when it's hot af? If you haven't picked up your copy of , go to any #barnesandnoble #nationwide today! its not that simple. I cant just go with anybody.lol We hit the studio this May! Two QPR players go for a header and no Spurs players go for it, you can tell who wants it more. I want 2 b n the gym I want in now ( Damnding )..... Apparently too much to hope that the word "sconnie" would just gracefully pass from the lexicon into sweet obscurity...? Thanks for the follow. We'd love for you guys to come and do a Kink Live shoot at FetFest2012 and recruit some new models! what type of song do you want? i have a dancey, love, chill, energetic & touching. the most ready 1 i have is love btw And you ripped on me! #FreshmanStatus :) I also follow candie. Candie follows me. Austin follows candie. Candie RTs me. Austin sees my tweets two(: Row 500 Won the Day! Bringin' it Saturday! Strawberry Smoothies These strawberry smoothies make an energizing breakfast, snack or dessert the kids will love. Although I don't like Feel empty because my baby isnt sleepin nxt to me. . :( night khi. I wanna go for a motorcycle ride... a sad Saturday... Well we are heading to West End Johnny's tonight....never heard back.... Lol my eyes burn What?!? That's crazy. I might have to ban him. Have you seen/used any of the kitty game apps? I'm unlimited phone, 2gb iPad Thanks for the sweet note! I hope you're enjoy the blue skies this morning! Oh yeah well first you have to download emoji and an app on your iphone. A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL whoa<3 just woke up to my 70th follower<3 thanks guise :3 !! Easy for you to say . Everything goes your way .. ! Keep Following My Back-Up ~~> For sure! I'll see you there! Perkins need to be in the dleague Time to loose more weight. Just checked out 's music. One word: You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!? I'm certain that they were about you eFive! I'm back! hey its , my timeline won't load, but i owe you 10 so i'll get you later. you can start, i'll be at '40 We're supporting 's anti-social media night I feel bad. I'm not listening to this presentation at all. But she told me I don't have to listen I hate texiera RT : great chat tonight!! As always, so productive and eye-opening! Cant wait for next week! The single life is cool and all, but at the end if the day, I wanna settle down with the one girl that I could say I couldn't ask for better Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter. -Sharon Salzberg She's not even from America tho White is as over as french manicures ~ my Mother actually wore a minky brown on her wedding day. #itWASthe70's go to midnight mass don't have to church all day like the baptist ok... we admit... we just woke up ;p That is the LIFE of an #artist ;) www.shastic.com hahaha. Seriously. "Just $499!! . . . for the base model. The one YOU want is twice that!! Get it NOW!!" FML RT : This red hair this girl got on Tough Love is pretty AF <<<thx hunni Great night watching the game at Jack Astor's patio on Front St... Perfect weather. Not so perfect loss to the Heat. Mavs will come back!! Accept no substitutes. The XLerator is the only non-towel-based hand drying solution that earns my endorsement. RT : #losemynumber "If you wanna talk about your "HIT" That nobody's Playin!! Eating the melt-in-your mouth sweet flesh of red & ripe ice cold persimmons.. Almost as good as eating you up. a lot to a little, twice ah, we are meeting at Rosslyn metro at 9:45am, limo bus picks us up, takes us to 4 embassies, and returns around 2pm. Sweet... I hit it like fonzi & it works... kinda :) Do you prefer a hand-held or a wall-mounted shower head when you stay in a hotel? ...Now it's really easy to piss me off. I think Eddie Murphy had one in 48hrs. Minus the rims. I'm sick of you . I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday..... Great attitude! Happy Mother's Day! Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with costumers. Did #ARod just bunt for a single What happened?! I couldn't watch the game!! I think we gone be in for a long night... come on Lakers!! Shows you how much i ever watched the Hawks.lol swear I'm not one for free and ones my families soo... Does the MTA realize trains are supposed to run? They're not just decoration, assholes. don't worry. I am wearing a Disney t-shirt so everyone knows i am an american. Totally safe. A swim breathing technique: As you put your face in the water,release some air through your nose to keep the water from entering your nose. So to recap,you can't count on anyone but yourself.Shitty but the realization makes life easier. HAPPY FRIGGIN BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!! Had a Phone Convo with my bro==> Changed my whole Mood! last night..Real Real good dude! #Salutes #Tfc #McM ..Stay tuned! Coffee Cup, Waking Me Up “ “ You are what you eat? Well that's awkward because you're a dick.”” - A day will come when people say: put $ 4 EDU but where's the WOW? Time's running out. we can help you. Whats good tonight on Twitter This weekend hd a powerful conversation with my Bio sister Stephania Shine, the Holy Spirit spoke 2 words thru her "MOVE FORWARD "#it'son! I'm be angry birds weeepppaaaa wbu ? Get off my line man ! Hope everyone's commute went smoothly this morning! My neighbor used to get permission to keep bike overnight when #dockblock was more common. Very low imputed speed. “: It annoys me how the same people get noticed.” this. thanks for the RT! We appreciate you! Heyy do u know how happy I would be if u could please reply me :) please <3 omfg I need to erase that from my mind btw just did my post about Louis and leo Hope yall bitches paid your deposits ! ! ! ok. starting....now Gracie, the kitty cat, is taking a nap. thanks for following! Check out our design blog and forum www.wearelux.com I thought it wasn't possible, but the yammer iPhone app just got uglier. I knew you would! Great teachers see it. lol “: Only if were lucky :-) RT : Nightlife will be the death of us.” Just finish getting dicked up! Omg i cant feel my legs! Kansas: Kansas moves closer to ending ban on happy hour. Via CBS news I would take it all back definitely it's been months since acting class for me! Hay maybe we could go see a movie or something? ;) he's my dad, so pretty well. _Emerr: AltPress Do you know Groundskeeper Willie? twinatlanticap Got my I voted sticker! Remember when we all used to just vote and not judge other people? not sure I agree with you re video comms being the future of social. no one uses facetime and video chatting is private not social Keen-17 Christian TV has 5 churches on the air. They get it! Yet, There are more than 600 churches in Las Vegas. All I can say is it's sad … In da house of the Lord as usual. Possibly will b bck for 3'o clock services... Review of Dimensions T^n Thus Far Italian Wine class next Wed June 8th 630pm $30 per person! Call the cheese shop at 612-278-4422 to sign up! ''&&we'll become silhouttes when our bodies finally go'' wow you have a lot of official people following you. this dude that produced for soulja boy actually follows you This was a "get through it & be done" match. Serve was crap. Berlocq couldn't pass him. Games were played very quickly. Tiny limp. #tympani pedals bass line with #tabla. Three three minute #improvisations. Repeat as desired. On the InfoDesk this afternoon... nice to be back in reference - it has been a long summer! :) everyone of course , but you :( thanks for the mention, definitely give us a call!! Looking for data that indicates what states lead in edtech. Any ideas? I just want to sleep. We're excited for big BIG things happening with #CabralEdwardsMGMT in May! Stay tuned all month for details :-) We're so excited!!! how should i begin this hoppin outta benzes jumping on this track like a mofo gymnist..... I don't run my next race til after 3 <U+0001F612> Do you think a stripper would care if you payed for your lap dance in rolls of quaters If you get your money tree to bloom, let me know....I'm such a sucker! Bacardi on Friday named the former vice chairman of Procter & Gamble, Edward Shirley, it's new CEO. Laugh. It's good for you. Haha, what's going on at "Central High School" today? It's all on my TL! I don't know about you, but I am obsesed w/it! He is so crazy - like a fox!! go ! First day of school for my youngest. Just started 6th grade...and so proud... Want a free month of virtual office services? Davinci is now offering just that at select locations in Las Vegas. Call Christie Julian today but really im just talking to the air bout this... =} i know what i said and hes cody simpsons best friend I'll have you livin like you should Aloha WAC. it was good knowing you. to those who fought so hard to keep it alive, i commend you. it was just a tough battle to win. Got a speeding ticket a little while ago. I asked the cop how he arrived at the speed on my tix, radar he said................ We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same - Carlos Castaneda (RT ) Heading out for first day back to work (finally) since my injury three weeks back. Good to have less pain, more mobility! I'm not much of a book history person except happily by proximity, but am really taken with Suarez's advocacy of bibliographic literacy. This rain is getting old. It better not keep me from having my brekkie tacos! Eva, you are an amazing singer!! God bless! <3 Sounds like a professor to me! My gender and comm prof at Stonehill was the one that convinced me to go to grad school. Awww Dee!!You are the best!So happy you found me on here! Have SO much to catch up on, how is everythin with you?! I miss you woman! Excellent. See you all then! Been slackin on my twitter lately my mind is truly blown! have u got your passport yet? What a strange power there is in clothing. ~Isaac Bashevis Singer Watching blades of glory. Omfg I love this movie. with her!!! Absolutely! Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. ~ Douglas MacArthur Google Listen on Android needs a share button. Episode 239 of This Week in Startups is awesome. Cooking up something special in headphones Customer Satisfaction is Worthless, Customer Loyalty is Priceless LOOKING FORWARD TO CHECKIN OUT ALL THE COSTUMES TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!! VIP SOLD OUT FOR ALL YOU WONDER WOMEN!! PEACH CIROC TONIGHT!! YUMMY Absolutely! Keep me posted. "all I wanna do right now is get me some chicken!" <U+0001F602><U+0001F604><U+0001F602><U+0001F604><U+0001F602> If your on a #team be the #leader. Not the straight up thas wat im sayin wat u gon do bout it nigga!;): are you implying that I don't know what i'm doing!?!?!?:o No doubt, girl. No doubt. Mary had told her friend during the show that it was wonderful, so incredible. That's the one (if I can do it without getting fired, that is). Here it comes... Earlier at the city council meeting, Mayor Lewis happily donned a "chicken hat" in preparation for the coming two Oktoberfest weekends. thank you That profile seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter. Go Big:RT : We're trying to revolutionize shopping in a mobile app with [If you don't innovate, you die]- i love it Thanks sydney c: <3 don't know how much longer I can watch this...doesn't anyone agree with me in saying Dubront should not have been taken out?? All into this law n order episode like I never seen it before o_O Going to benefit markets where casinos close to teams. ie: NY+ NE will benefit, but will Redskins, etc? #NFL Casino partnerships Q4:#sbchat" Always a pleasure! Enjoy dosage one of your weekend :-)) Are there counterfeit dimes? Is that a real thing? If so, I think I have one. blah, not true. My coffee is not the same w/o milk. I'd make a horrible vegan. If you haven't done so already, check out our latest video on #YouTube of us exhibiting at #CES last week. I know its CRAZY!!! #When guys wear PINK<3 hot ;) not very good, we lost 6-2 in 9 innings. RT : It's supposed to be in the 70's tomorrow. We'd like to call that pretty perfect weather for our ROOFTOP opening! - wanna go? I'd read that. RT : Wanna know what I'd LOVE to see? Gossip Girls on Mars for young adult. Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet. AHAHHAHAHAHAHHA has the best tweets. #Ryan_Gosling built the kitchen table featured in #The_Notebook in preparation for his role as Noah. Be sure to walk through the #Boston Common to see the ducklings wearing #GRONK t-shirts!!! Looking forward to lots of Play Dough and Bubbles. Our office, Supreme Lending, loves being a drop office point. that's that good shit I've definitely seen some of that in the US stuff too. I haven't gotten to reading through the _Heathen Woman's Friend_ yet Come check out $1 TVs at Diversity Thrift!! We have a few left, when they're gone the sale is OVER!! No refunds on $1 TVs. when I was younger #IUsedTo think my teenage years would be the best. Now, I wanna go back to being younger <\3 I hope this wasn't retaliation. she dnt NEVER drunk call/txt me so im guessing someone else gets her drunk calls/txts All that matters is the mission - President Obama I bought it full price :-( RT : Soror, I have it via PDF for free, if you need it. Not worth the $1.99! LOL $2 half pound burgers 5pm to 10pm. Get out of the rain and have a great burger I never thought I would see this day... Caps better get it going quick cause the Rangers ain't messing around tonight! Did you review Darjeeling? I'd love to read more about the deliberate angle. Starting the Phantom Tollbooth with the kids for reading. I am so excited because I LOVE this book! Thank you! You too!! What bothers me most about the #ifiwasblack TT is the poor grammar. CORRECTION: #ifiWEREblack - unless, somehow you were black before... I just realized that I have a lot of math homework I didn't know I had. Dammit. Arnold Schwarzenegger themed Sound Design, and more, are up now on #productionvault! Check it out!!! Lately a lot of ICONiacs have turned into Directioners... #why? The Republicans have a "Tiger by the Tail" and can't let go. They still think she is a "pussycat". Hi, I'm Liz, and according to Danny, and his imaginary friends, Cassidy and I fucked my best friend. approaching the end of a very long semester. will be thankful for the end tomorrow. Then I just have to study for the MTEL. Your dad is the coolest! never mind Wooohooo Tebow to the Jets. I was #Tebowing most of the night that he wasn't coming to GB. It worked. 3/21/1776->N. Cooke:I am extremely sorry to hear that your Militia are so deficient in Arms—I fear the misfortune is too common Which FFPC league is it? (assuming it is one) RT #cheering on 3rd down helps out your home team more then you know so. Pass the word around. get some big boy pants on u nancy! I wish I was going to Milwaukee this weekend like the rest of my Twitter feed. you work 4/7? Golf? Take off if your answer is yes I actually enjoy these eye exams (tho they're 2 keep an eye on an anomaly). Eye exames are basically a series of video games Actually, anything that Jack White does is brilliant, so he could score the next Eddie Murphy movie and I'd be in. i love doritos <3 && pepsi :D we do overnight shipping orders and individually seal cookies so they stay fresh... FYI :) Thanks for all of your great work! awesome thnx for tweeting link to video containing your white falcon - proud because I also directed/filmed the video Follow please?! A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now.. i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover Bo! Cutler needs to learn a lesson. true. But he received a lot of Boos from the IU faithful. Follow some of the members of vocal rush, and our director! !!! Go go go Music Peeps step yo game up w/ Okay! I'll admit it .. I've been cheating on my diet 4 a few weeks now. Time 2 step my game up and go xtra hard! Reading some boring book in english... Oh, sweet Geezer. I can't believe it's been 6 months since we had to say goodbye. Mommy misses you every day. You are not forgotten. #RelationshipsEndBecause Women are complicated We can make it happen. Esp if , , , & keep theirs, too. Only if I was there damn Are you a pro media buyer (photos, video, interviews) and wish you could search over 200M assets in one app? With my-picturemaxx you can! what's going on? myn past it,was 3 of April Gary Price: librarian as a navigator In ft worth with with espn. Packer fans where you at? If your gunna pick her over me. More power to you. But dont expect me to do stuff with you next time your horny. Lmao. Email me to get your FREE blastoff site at word of the year so far: "leak" This rain sucks. Just got back from Cancun, where it was about 85 the whole week. I would rather be back there with the swine flu than here. You had me at apocalypse. RT : Content structure is core in avoiding the coming mobile web apocalypse nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge “: oh sorry i said i like your hair” --- thank u luv #FF Get on his "good" list! “ “ My kids will be Athletes, believe that!”” #SometimesIwonder how far I can go in the car on empty. I need a man who knows I can kick his butt, yet can still defend me whenever I need him! Digging all the #newbrooks posts! One student in a Grateful Dead T-shirt today. Foot fetish? I need to learn to stop denying everything to myself. Haha good call! It's crazy how a life can change overnight. Bet the phonies will wear yarmulkes. Awesome sauce. Finally sitting down after a long day. Lots of chores done. Good to have things in order. Been playing so much World of Warcraft I'm sitting here on Twitter with my fingers hovering over WASD.. smh mT : Twitter is my teacher's lounge. Inspired educators with engaging ideas. I've only been once but it was great! Must return b/c my friend is a regular and my birthday is coming up soon! oh where do you live? i live like an hour away True: “: "Detail oriented" is code for "asshole."” good morning 2 one of my favorite singers. Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful I know you'll be rocking it on Sat night!! "There's just something about you" I'll take a look at your resume and i promise to only make fun of you a little bit I've just quit my job!! So my internet at my moms on my phone barely works. Super whack.. #TipsForLadies clingy is not cute Had fun today at lunch singing High School Musical songs RT : “: That Morning <U+0001F4A9> is Crucial” real shit thanks man, im trying... Scared me more than anything else If you're hearing someone humming Richard Marx you're probably inside of my head Today was a good day! GN I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray I'm on the air. Call in now 702 731 1230. Be on the radii show Thank you, I'm pretty excited! I need to catch up with my friends soon! cc #3WordsForYou "you got food?" Yeah braves! Wish I was there tonight. RT : RT true, I am just not a Southfield fan irrationally. The library is pretty baller though <-- Thanks! Made my mom bring me home from my friend's award show thingy just to watch 's keeks. You're welcome Alex. Lolol. Hi That was a nice article! What is your opinion on the growing role of technology in education? No. At home. cant roll a blount for shit 63 cents/meal Um...A LOT? (ReMega Millions pot)RT : How many people could it feed? Love itRT : They're not missing ur call, they're not forgetting to text back, they're not too busy, they're just not interested very cool! Looks like a great book as well. Still looks like this is 30 Rock's last season, though. :| Entourage...Season 4. Good night probably cause it's something differen't i'm not use to. S/o to my Nigga Thanks to #Rebelles and Jessie Cunningham for naming the Mile-High Club mascot! "Highcliffe Hall" and "The Aerie", Magnificent shingle style Victorian mansions photographed in 1904 - Yonkers, NY www.VictorianSource.com happy Friday #ff great people to follow The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing. I see the flower is wilting just like I knew he would. Noah = Garbage. Boozer = Loser. Let's Go Knicks. Don't you dare say I'm not going to do anything with my life. I guarantee I'm going to do more than you. I just don't know where to start At least the Blue Jackets are putting together a good season Getting a ride to another venue via a instead of the shuttle. Personal ride :) The Capitol Steps will be making a stop in Akron Ohio @ The University of Akron 10/16/11 Stage Door EJ Thomas Hall. 5pm & 7:30pm. Good morning, y'all! Sho' ya right. Just ate Chinese food for lunch! Ribs and Rice! haha! Luke Fitzgerald on BBC looks like you in a weird way. Like, if I was on shrooms i'd be convinced it was you. sounds about right you know ..i forgot you're a fat ass you'll prolly eat the whole box lol ...carry on... Athletics is the best! (: I tried to watch Khloe & Lamar, it's true. But, it only took 2 minutes before I had to bail & flip to Rattlesnake Republic. stop killing the drama Schefter! Unfollow! Hot trend + kiddie appeal = Boffo B.O.! Cartoon dog (voice: Claire Danes) hunts the undead. SCRUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER! it means i run this part of leonard. at least virtually, potentially spiritually. SO......but hold up how yu gon jump from txtin to twitter No, but i'll take plain black #coffee with a double shot of Thx! May I see an example of this quick tip document? She's got that #inthebag “ i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: "in your bag"” Post Paul drinks anyone? No raw milk...please I love u to death! Plz rt Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way? well you gon really needa wish right now when my goons come thru & start shootin stars. Watching the #Boondocks too. Too funny! he talked dirty to some chicks on the internet and sent them a few dirty pics you rock:) For sale: thousands of pounds worth of Pete Doherty's blood, sweat and tears - The Independent The way my roommate smell < I'm being such a dick to Chad lol. shut the fuck up! For that I'm gonna go with my rainbow. Ahahah holy crap i've been on a major hiatus! woops!! sorry everyone!! It concerns me that if the #apocalypse does happen in 2012 that i will have 2 sleep w/o the noise of a modern fan blowing in the background. staNding in line waiting for my turn!! GO MAVS. RT : I seriously couldn't care less about this darvish crap. It ain't baseball season yet. Chill out. perfect day to do nothing Short sales. Do you qualify? What are the legal options/ramifications? What are the alternatives to foreclosure? Ask Sherwood Law Group. Never been this sick In gr8 company! hey follow me back... It's me Taylor :) That's it exactly. “: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police...#Fact” how sad. Read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction. Gee thanks for texting me.. my school has 8 buliding and is spread out like a college campas I'm stealing this idea. Shit I'm broke! Lol The commercials are the only thing that have impressed me about this year's Grammy's. Finally getting out, What's SD got to offer? Happy Mother's Day for all of the new mommies and all of those who have this thing down to a divine science. * My grandpa RT Im not gonna lie i miss quince's!!! :(( Hello How are you? BIG CONGRATS to for raising $8000, to be matched by the Aber Unger Foundation, for Haitian relief. Way to go!! im so sorry just please talk to me???!!! u kno who u r dont act like you dont!!!! P.U.S.H. - Pray Until Something Happens But they got famous RT : Nobody has every got rich after somebody retweeted them NOBODY!!!!! I'm really not in the best of moods this morning a picture of? haha don't worry, I'm just kidding. Cannot believe I missed this while in Italia...also missed - must @ him more often. lol. I'm good. OKC is shooting light out. I want to see more effort from Lakers. Live without pretending, Love without depending Welcome back! Hope everything was good this evening. no worries, it looks better on Opry anyway :) of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv. CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!! Happy to see 's listing of the Top 100 bass lakes includes 8 in Texas. Yes! I'm surprised you don't have one already... what are best friends for?! Merry Merry! Dressed up like I have somewhere to go. All in red. sounds like everyone got bored on the same night to me. :-) We're the best, and I know it. Doing forecast's all day makes my eyes tired. Good luck today!! Portland is still buzzing after last night YUNI DRAWS A WALK!!! OMG never realized how cute frankie jonas is. hes gonna have killer looks when hes older! Thanks for the vote! And we definitely have a native app on the road map =) RT : I love using morningstar farms meal starters in tacos, or as a stir fry with veggies yum! lol what part of Tennessee are you moving too? all day errrday. yeah I agree! Cricket's great. That'd be totally awesome if they brought her back in the Life With Archie Series! Do you read that? Allen West knows all about intolerance Today I consumed: x2, $5 worth of Fro-yo, A pizza and a Gyro with fries....not good. u bang wit mac miller 2 on rapid iterative design at publishers meeting. Be sure to tune in to NBC4 tonight 7 pm for The Autism Puzzle to see Special Learning’s co-founder Michele LaMarche! Great fall evening planned - Boyd & Blair Hour followed by an oyster roast. Yum! pick up yo phone when i call cracker Just saw two people light saber battling in the middle of Erickson field Angels gotta even it up. come over ill let you eat a hot dog while I watch the bio channel. at the concert Going ham on these pan sausages & these left over biscuits from popeyes yay! Hope the drive wasn't too awful. Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kind of hamburgers? Big Kahuna Burger. also check your email (gmail & work) for that already talked about email. It made me so happy to find actually has a Twitter! People you "bcc" on an email should not be able to reply, its always a bad situation ! thanks very much :) Glad you're liking it! I'm off to save the world from stupidity and lack of communication! nah babe I've been waiting for some shit like this.....let me have my moment lol GO GRIZZ! Tonight they play in LA - but that won't stop the diehard fans! Join us tonight for a watch party! omg ikr!! ughh they need to just tell each other!!! Franklin park today with our new chicken mole taco... Savory and delicious. In for the night, I'm sleepy and I need to rest up for work and rage fest with tomorrow! Congratulations on reaching 9 million followers my hunkie Frikikikikiki Sex Dragon! Love you! Fast Five.. muscle men n fast cars mi gusta stopping suburban sprawl Moments is such a beautiful song x “: That clogging was legit” HAHAHAHAHAHA all I can think about is clogging a toilet. <U+0001F6BD><U+0001F4A9> Thank you Mario, for the compassion & desire to bring to "light" the challenges that many people face each day. is happy for that Young double. New MMW classes added with Professional M1 Fighter Plinio cruz. Mon/Wed at 8pm. Cage meets the street Dad cab for cutie shout out to yossi #talented UP AN COMING producer just bring it tommarow RT : Rugby World Cup 2011 starts tomorrow! get ur doc to write u valtrex if u have multiple ones that wont go away I love you all so much I'm late and I normally don't follow this stuff but I'm watching the replay of #RHOA and GOOD FOR YOU !!! Good Luck! Lets go #Knicks lets do this! #FF *new* blogging pals Hope y'all join if you haven't already! I think you will!!!:) its ready - Al, I just watched the Today show and I believe you are getting better looking I think I can improve on this one... Less hostilities, please! RT : I want to love and Tweet u right Just saw a blood drive in a Krispy Kreme parking lot. I assume this is to replenish from the bypass surgery. This quickly disappearing pint of malted vanilla ice cream from is the bee's knees. It was a lot of fun! Hope you had a great time at BEA! Have a #merrychristmas everybody... follow back please woo hoo!! Congrats!! Liz Goodgold suggests new definition for alpha fem. It's more like protecting your turf There's still room in our beginner's brewing class tonight. Starts at 7. Start a hobby where the reward is beer! I rise again i am a blessed man thank you Vagina joke are not funny. Period Great recommendation from : , #Detroit 's premiere #BellyDance troupe in #middle eastern dance. I mean look- when you got it, you got it I wanna know what I would look like if I got a spray tan. In my cookie: "Promote literacy. Buy a box of fortune cookies today." What kind of fortune is that? Seriously. We're sorry to have disappointed you, Simona. But the good news is A60 will be opening Sat. May 12th at 8:30 PM! See you there! Man, brutal, brutal injury news about Suggs if it's true. so how did Justin Verlander do tonight? also, does anyone know how many pitches he threw? A tarnished ring on a tarnished chain time keeps changing come sun or rain B&h is mighty busy today. This is the first time I came here and the line was wrapped around the corner for both cash and credit. we the ones that need to be watched USCTMB & London, two of my great loves, together at last! Thanks for cool pic! - small, very flat world we live in. May see you NOLA next month William. Agreed! I'm on the hunt for a crashpad. If you hear of anything, lemme know :) Let's plan something soon though! I'm here! We get it. There are a lot o' old people at the look for me front row on March 2nd I'm Denver, I'll be holding a J with your name on it <3 great event the other night at Stella :) Dear Today Show: huh? Pandering to Fox audience or what? Yeah! We've got a veggie sub too. Our full menu is available all day so you aren't limited to breakfast food :) Wat you doing sexy She's a lesbian. I would have never… hm interesting I GIVE UP ISNT GONNA FOLLOW ME TONIGHT!!!!!!!! MAYBE TOMORROW IS GONNA BE MY DAY:/ #FOLLOWMEALEX WELL LOVE YOU!!!!!!! hahaha! Who said I wasn't? :) “: Love how it looks like you're doing the twist! Ha” Send us ur questions! #STAR #astrology order of importance in rendering chart interpretation: first sign, then planet, the house So dope that made a whole album based on the life of my boy Oh ok u cool tho? He can Handle it... There's no better feeling than being built back up by the one who created you, framed you, & breathed purpose into you! "He was all like, he says, 'My van broke again.' He says" #Valente, The Orphan's Tales: In the Cities of Coin and Spice. If, as I once thought, I was fated to write, I would have written these books aye you gone learn today With the new iPhone 4S Santa brought this Christmas, I've decided to jump back on Twitter. I get so easily distracted from doing my work it's ridiculous. U CAN HAVE IT ANYWAY U WANT IT #ANYWAYUWANTIT;-) I like him in the studio. Hate him on pbp for anything. Well... more like has been for a while. I <3 AC + KG. Happy 2012 from the boyz in DC. Awesome! RT : can't wait to see you too!! IM NOT EVEN A GINGER ANYMORE The Official monthly WayCool event FIRST FRIDAY!!! FIRST FRIDAY **toy drive** Friday, December 2 at 9:00pm at Boscos Social Club the sun is out, me want to be in flip flops! .75" hail here I will weep openly when he wins World Series MVP. tom is sleeping. i just tweet for him by accident. mixing. telepathy shit right there, I tweet and the home dawg comes online. The heat was great. Now it's back to reality...Oh, and I brought the color. Turns out is off twitter for a week...please slam him this week while you can!! thanks man you are very welcome. That's right, now I remember him briefly. Really athletic I think.. If iwhat you do or say "needs to be explained"...then you failed... MSMQ: computers force us to think harder about the objects of our discourse. thank-god I don't allow Michigan fans to follow me:) ROLL TIDE!!! Check out live @ the on the 23! hit up for tix, gonna be wild! RT But as I continued speaking... I saw a few faces change... then more... Though it was just a spark... a flicker... Continued next tweet Does anyone know of a way to link my google calendar to my outlook calendar on a mac? RT : on sale at !!! Happy Valentines day to me:) Isn't Keynote great? It's all about the video! And yes did a great job as did you! Loved hearing your 6 tips! please ask your followers to add me. Would greatly be appreciated! worth it :) we are going to hurt tomorrow There's some heavy mix tape nostalgia and name dropping going on... Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn I think being friends is safer for me To be in your children’s memories tomorrow, you have to be in their lives today ~ Anonymous Sure - we'll add that interest soon. Now means with time zones it will be the start of both the new NFL season & Rugby World Cup within 6 hours- we got ourselves a sportsfest!!! RT : RT : RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood ~Buddha Guess I won't talk to you. you're to scared to even do it so I won already :) is working on plans for the Internship Opportunity Fund's Dancing with the Heinz College Stars 3.25.11. Come one, come all! The tonight show with Conan O'Brien was just nominated for an Emmy. Leno was not. Good call, NBC. oh happy birthday! woo! AMEN to that sista!!! except mine would be "17 and 18" hehe one more day won't hurt. Lol.....coming from Queen Procrastination. Ha! You finally make it to the Left Coast, and I'm going to be on the Right. When in June? Every day may not be good, but there's something good in everyday .....--- And this! MT : Colbert just announced Texans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow PAC after a UT-Austin student emailed w/ the idea Checking out episode 1 of "The Franchise: Miami Marlins" on doing his thing. Sam did so good ! The Heartland is good-- wknd anchorning now-- are you still at CVB? Say hi to Sharman for me! Hope all is well. Looking forward to see you soon. Hugs Gym swag! If you ain't super settin get the hell outta here Just reached 300 followers! Thx for getting involved. I'd like to see 3000 Newarkers following to make this truly effective. Make it happen! follow it up with "intervention" and you'll wonder why you're not winning the novel prize.... Seriously! Doesn't mean that we'll see snow. it just means if the showers are heavy enough you could find a few wet flakes. Mainly high up. great company I seem to have here! "almost" is operative word. What was he thinking? Was he thinking? Lesson learned, always leave your phone on and put it next to you when you sleep :( like I live here in Florida you live in ___.. And like when a band comes over here . I could interview . Like a partnership The de-identification of data will be a critical component of creating an #ICD10 testing environment. #Foxtrot can help. "took the" not toilets(?) I want to go ice skating. Right now. ends his talk at #WFUD12 with a powerful reading of "Incantation," a powerful poem on the power of language & in part! cc: RT : , I'll be cooking for you & crew tomorrow in OB w/ the Islander. www.williamsoncadillac.com www.agingbackwards.com www.monelgourmet.com were added to #TomorrowBook is your website logo on TomorrowBook? I can't even sleep without them The Smithsonian's Reynolds Ctr (Amer Art/National Portrait Gallery) also has an Art-o-Mat in the Luce Center. It's fantastic. Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture Happy Tax Day Philly Joy Behar's Drag Queen Revue What is this for, when is it needed and what do you want to do??? You're welcome! At Clifford's in Hales Corner with and some Stritchers. Thank you to our business partners who raise $62,000 at the Northside Education Foundation golf tournament yesterday! Mmk then just ignore me. About to play PKR $1k Freeroll while doing my Sociology paper...multi-tasking at its finest...which one is more important? Hm...yep, poker As a community of startups, startup supporters, and the like. What are your thoughts on the Instagram Backlash after acquisition?... It's a lonely day dude? Text back The "X" by my name in the picture was purely to show emphasis. I did vote for a full slate of 6 candidates, myself included of course. :-) Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name. so if I don't have a lot of followers that means I don't love u? :'( Super important question is Pictage throwing a party this year at #WPPI ? That's my top fav thing at convention! I really hate today Bren Bataclan will be signing his new book tonight from 6-9pm at the Porter BerryLine. He is the creator of the shop murals! Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth. It's our pleasure! Gal pal Rachel Green Oh, you don't run through that mud ditch. You crawl. On your belly. :-) I give, she gets, without giving anything to me. A great life OMG RT : This horrible spill wouldn't be happenin in the gulf of AMERICA! Arizona knows what I'm talkin bout! Heyy, Haven't seen you in forever :( What's up? hi can you do me a huge favor real fast?(: Good ride with C-Hill moto posse... Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard. Miss Martian crazy beootch with the crazy eyes!!! And Aqualad is evil!!! Responded to FIRE @ 3331 Bruckner Blvd, Bronx, NY 10461. Red Cross auto update. A Big thanks to for the support! It's creepy how much that looks like my cousin! round 1 playoffs tonight ....get focused! ....one game at a time!!!! advice from me to u, Go to sleep Cuz since the time changed ur gona lose an hour. Trust me i overslept this morning. so proud of you ;) Goin To Get Inked :-) On #Leopard: Build dependency: #OpenWrt can only be built on a case-sensitive filesystem. Better fire up Linux in a virtual machine... #GWU are you standing in line or have you already won a prize? Let us know! Bet! I Told You! Another Craig doin good things. Why do people still say "no homo" we obviously know you're not. obligated?! How bout you just wanna wish me a happy birthday?... Mine? after three glasses of wine...hahaha i can haz new website www.jamiesaft.com I'm in town til the 27th..letd do something b4 I leave! :) cuz appreciate all you do to support real talk It wud b so nice if #oomf wud just stop playin around,n give me their number!!!! I'm gonna have to meet on the #BlownAway tour!! I just have 2!!!! Why am so irratated easily -.- Sigh so AWESOME wish I could be there you guys rock <3 still touring! We have about 4 weeks until we are back in LA! First day of work under my belt yo my dude CForce had a good Spring Game and is looking forward to the upcoming season :) Meditation is not what you think. Q: How much does it cost to attend? A: $10 for presenters (includes lunch), $10 to attend & eat lunch, free to attend w/o lunch. And now I get to watch my sister shop. FUN! Back pain? Call Dr. Black. any hard copies of the new mixtape? if so where at? I feel like the photo of people playing Cricket in a non-descript Asian country is taunting me when I login to Twitter. BC I dont understand Wife is talking about me working out. Somehow it doesn't sound right when she says "look at your little results" :/ at the bar that dare not speak its name. when this song kme on im spending money play something i kan spend some money 2<<<<wiz finally watched #Trust. You. Killed. It. congratulations for renewed tier 1 status on the state's preferred hospital list! oh! meredith! no! i dont have one! i was recovering from the kick lol Bring Back secret circle! I don't understand it had almost the same ratings as Vamp. Diaries, which is your highest rating show! Man, would have liked to see Lucroy get an AB there. Happy New Year Janie!! :) RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR'S That was sweet. wait till you see next version. is designing it. This child purposely avoided making friends to bypass being invited to social gatherings, because Orphan V was not allowed to attend. Never trust a girl who doesn't love dogs! We're on it:) It was such a blast to meet Akevy! I hope so. Going to bed before sunset is tough. Falling asleep to lazy to get up <U+0001F4A4> It's V-Neck season guise! Warren Watch: 'Secretary' flak - Omaha World-Herald could not be happier that has grapefruit radler. Mine got taken in the Munich airport Oh, Three Days Grace. <3 please follow me!!! <333333 Worrying only about me, my child, and MY family. They're far from perfect, but I love them more than anything! (: Looking for donations of gift certificates to give as prizes to donors. Any national restaurant or retail, hotel, etc. DM me if you can help So does every one have iTunes Just interviewed a drummer with an amazing goatee and mustache. Couldn't stop looking at it. Can't wait to see & on Saturday night. Hope it's a nice night at CBP! "I can't possibly say what I mean/need to say..." Stop writing like this, people. Not everything is predicated on your perceived failure. another fiscal year, another delicious summit! beard still smells of ribs, though. no complaints. trying to muster up the strength to punch Hollywood in the dick for the second week in a row... Okay. Uhmmm I'm just gonna say that was completely on purpose.... We need Artest in the next series No one likes a hypebeast thanks my dude In May 1867, Black protesters staged ride-ins to protest segregation of streetcars in NOLA & around the south $10 off our Hot Stone Pedicure! This week only! all the way in #Miami but still thinking bout dat #seperationanxiety lol I'll be your Valentine! RT: : Why doesn't want to be our Valentime? Is it that floozy again? A huge glass of water, Advil, a long hot shower, and a bowl pack is the perfect cure. End of story. Great photos! and a cool idea for a blog/project thing. :) Word up Doc. Gonna Rock The Shop this Fri & Sat night... Currently attending a luau... Idk how many times I can say that I love my friends #CBFamily :-) Baltimore Orioles staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North My Vibrams are amazing. You will not be sorry. I slept the whole day away. ): What fist fight? After the show got out I grabbed the free vitaminwater and left. awesome show tonight. Couldn't find any of you afterwards All day/Everyday No no. Retweeting the things you just mentioned is what is annoying. The endless songs especially, goodness #civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee. Are you at a City Council meeting? the real question is what are YOU going to be there it goes..taking 4ever That's an *amazing* word count for today! Good job. Way to rock it lady! #FF thx for the follows & mentions! Twweeeeeps! We're going to be on tomorrow morning (Thurs). Tune in for some DD love! Still haven't found a good drummer in Seattle. All of them are either taken or are metal-heads. haha I didnt have signal earlier to ask! RT Big issue for the future: managing dual eligibles -we need #innovation to focus; all this #EHR stuff is cool,but u have to stop posting pics like u r!! I left u a MSG on FB why... teach you how to Dougie? m you don't want that. I cuts rug! i would but he talkin bout paying. God does not call us to be successful, He calls us to be obedient... Didn't see any hail but definitely a downpour! It has since abated. Ugh, I should've been in bed HOURS ago. I really need to take better care of myself. Especially with a growing little girl, haha. I'm so freaking irritated man. OMG...... GoodMorning Afternoon Whatever LOL!! ND it's Coo How Ya Day goin so Far? no problem if I didn't offer what kind of friend would I be dino-be careful how you talk to "The Plastic". ife is half spent prior to we know what it is. Tanning feels so good! #Thingsthatgetmeupset When my company makes 4billion in profits but theres 5 people at work in forclosure. how's the snow? I'm heading there Friday and it's so warm. cold be... but depends on why they are under performing. Another incredibly kewl day ... Looking as if it will be anotha all nighter ... Shout out to !! Go show him some love!:) A girl who buys me food and gives a gnarly blowjob is every ICONiac know to man. Getting new exhaust! 3r racing special praying for little #RyanKennedy hoping he is healed. Trend #RyanKennedy please! 9-yr-old w/brain cancer. I got called at 3:30am and had to make a critical decision! get ready for wet republic to open! Bring the crew! NBC Best Friends Forever= beyond painful. Props 4 taking risk but Writing & acting your own stuff, not always best idea Love how you fucking ignored me. How stuborn are the scars when they won't fade away, or just a gental reminder that now are better days? I'm just telling the truth abt Society & Culture if you don't like it or can't comprehend bc your Incompetent plz be my guest & UNFOLLOW! Thanks for the shout-out about our apps guide! It was a fun class, too! this right here is a panty dropppaaaaaaa ! No, I hadn't noticed this, yet. Thanks for pointing it out! Maybe we can host a west coast version in 2013? Let's think about it. The first year we didn't exhibit at #imagineRIT, since we graduated the incubator, but some our our team went with . of course I am always game for more info! You can email literature to . Thanks! ^Joe Namath, New York Jets quarterback (Super Bowl I): "We're going to win on Sunday. I guarantee it."2 How'd the consult go? Local Honey performs on our patio tonight for the Paseo's First Friday Gallery Walk. Don't miss it, folks! Are you a heat fan too....fingers crossed. Jerome gone make me pop his head off I sue cops, and I represent cops! I'm pretty fair! Busy weekend and stressful day now to go play some more music Happy mothers day to all mothers out there! Natural, biological, adoptive, spiritual, etc.... May you have a blessed day! So glad you enjoy it! :) [Campus Bulletin] Now that cooler weather is here, we'll be saving energy by turning off all housing A/C until March. i THINK WE SHOULD HAVE PROFILE PICTURE OF THE WEEK OF EVEN MONTH! LIKE IF YOU AGREE! ~aSHLEY love you :) #Follow best QB in the game also Thanks for following me! ;) great website. Following from ooomph. some public libraries have institutional subscriptions but we don't. I (Megan) have a personal account and just use it for both. Absolutely. If I've done that within the last week, is there anything else I could do to secure a meeting or is waiting the game Doing some footwork so they will let me in the Cathedral of Learning tonight. Could Facebook and Twitter be the key to marketing your small business? How much did ur relatives throw away in their sleep@ the hotel they just booked? This audio, some won't like, then again some may thank U? i just started listening to and everyday iam loving her more and more! You bitches aint ready for the real in me. Met the Los Angeles mayor great guy. I love you so much! I wish you'd follow me! I'm excited by what I heard - particularly re: the emphasis on rewarding interdisciplinary innovation. #GWU is on the right track! I'm thinking of leaving work, growing a beard and joining a circus If you have an ought with someone take it to them. Harboring anger inside hardens your heart. makes me wanna train to do that but I took one class and couldn't move after lol can't even flex, once i hit 100, i'm goin to the Bermuda Triangle. Keep your head up you guys, things will ALWAYS get better. Every day I'm shuffling i can't, my computer isn't working if Denver is not a good destination for manning how the hell is AZ ... They have nothing ... Why they still allow radio stations to play anything (beside Pump It) by the Black Eye Peas is beyond me...just stop. he only puts up with being my FRIEND because he wants to get closer with you. I have the MN one pinned! It would be cool if someone did one of #Milwaukee with all the neighborhoods. Lol suck a mean one I'm hella weak !! What are your kids' favorite excercises? i completely agree!!!!!! love #thevoice!!!! Free the weed!!! Hi Twitterverse! So how 'bout them Avengers? I loved the movie - what'd you think? So the details being confidential quote is from Doherty, not Uthoff. it's never to late to turn you'r life around and make a difference in someones life and become a someone and go back to school. funniest 10 year old ever ' are u born guy?' RT if u think its funny! (must be following) R.I.P. MCA....No Sleep Till Brooklyn. just tell her you're married to all of them? Watch 's interview with in a few minutes on coming up. keep grinding I heard the songs you wrote too good work Administering massage & verbal abuse are my 2 greatest skills. I'll rub your back and call you "bitch," bitch. Miss you, too! What's good twit fam, being getting some other things in line for vol.2, time to gone wrap it up, Haan loved your photos on playbill! I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /: check it out ;) ~ xo Does anyone actually know what National Lampoon is? Finally found air heads! we love you guys! you inspire us! Nnamdi texts Al Davis, stating: "Thanks for the great time in Oakland, but Green Bay is my home now." Apollo is now a registered Service Dog. :-) He is legally allowed access to all public buildings. I'm disgusted by this delusional american military soldier worship. I Avoid All Sides. The Grannies are wishing everyone safe travels this holiday season whether it be by car, train, or plane! says social media has nothing to do w/ recruiting whatesoever - does Toledo Tommy agree? Preach it sister! All power corrupts, but we need electricity. is it true? Did rosy tell u we are going to prom together? Or is lying? Lol hi , and I are having horrible problems! Had 2 appts today and no one showed up or called all day! I want to see Chicago's software written in Python 3. Great night with family... It really is a Wonderful Life Haha. Would be hard to find in the 39 hours of podcasts. I'll try! I wonder if I will run into cat noises. So proud of all of the graduates! Welcome to this mighty circle of Bison alum! Enjoy every moment! <U+0001F389><U+0001F603><U+0001F60A><U+0001F604><U+263A><U+0001F609> What??? RT I am here I a simple mission to slap a hater and complete you just me, and Sidney Poiter tonight! Singing along sotto voce to Jackson Browne in cat food aisle of Dominicks. Such is my life. Thank you! We do our best! It's not available through the "build an indicator list" function. You have to do each indicator separately for PDFs. Modern warfare baby anybody wanna buy (or knows anyone who wants to buy) a pretty good drum set and mic w/ mic stand for $350? 3.5 Mile run outside in 83 degree Nashville. Whoa. This has been our Car of the Day before, but it’s so good, it gets to be our Car of the Day again. We reward excellence.... Thanks for the RT! Went to sleep early last night but i wasn't really tired. It was purely recreational. "No, mom, it's not a scary movie. It has Meryl Streep in it". "Who?" Dear god, now she's just fucking with me. Except she's not. sounds great. God blesses those who show compassion to the meek. My contributions are direct to the villages. God must love the common man, he made so many of them. - Abraham Lincoln We're shutting it down in Bentleyville, PA. Almost to our new home. I feel lucky I got Gil, the man, the myth, the legend following me now! - they're like Macs. They don't fail. LoL The next one is Sat. 3/31. Waiting on one last piece of the lineup before we announce. It's gonna be a good one though. should deff check out cover of PAYPHONE Please ignore this tweet. Im standing here im public like a loser trying to pretend im texting. you should teach #jidf and their gang of zombies how to do something right. They seem to be advocating in a hail digital smoke. Hey Red Wire Fans! Sorry it has been so long since our last update. We've been renovating and livening up our whole act! We have now... Thinking about a nap RT : APD tells news crews to pull back from double homicide scene because of upset neighbors; I'll be in studio with updates at 10 What if you hashtagged the word "hashtag"? Would Twitter explode? Women get tired of being used and unappreciated. Yea, where the real men at who know how to treat a lady? it looks like somthing Snack machines in NYC taxis. Really? %15 off all P.F. Chang's meals today to celebrate Tax Day? Gee whiz thats swell Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend - those that have really big plans be safe - Enjoy the Weekend - Monday look for your Memorial Day Gift My life ain't easy but aye give me props I make it look easy #filming tomorrow with #epic time This is great news. PS, I'm already booked to come to the workshop. Multiscreen=BigBizz RT NBC: Lots of cool new social tv products in the marketplace, but man is it exhausting to keep up with Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 13 I like beer. Sounds good. RT : Bloomberg bills Obama support of gay marriage "a major turning point in the history of American civil rights." The crew will be at #fenway on Monday 9/19 Congrats on the successful drop this morning. Keep up the good work! Half off Reserve tonight! Come Raid the Cellar nah im just kidding brah link took me to a video. No I guess not Found you through Looks like small Manhattan is already on hold. Must be selling! Congrats. Get out of my head. I have applications knowledge of financial reporting under GAAP. Ask me about my expertise at To show you how much I love you I changed my relationship status from single to married. . . . . . . on MySpace. Working out, then teaching guitar lesson There are somedays victory seems so close and in reach, other days it's a world away. But rejoice in all things.. I'm in the dreaded line. coolin' it in San Jose, you? your welcome :) OH Simply place hot booties in the hot bootie bag. i think i can Looks like murder defendant Juan Antonio Rivera, who just sent away jury, is about to take a plea agreement instead. necessary evil. Good luck with yours! When did 9:45pm start feeling like 2 o'clock in the morning? Ugh, so tired. said like a true philosopher :) dude I think everyone tht you were already a shoe in....we were all shocked at home too, so please, don't let it get ya down! Good Morning Tweets! Beautiful Morning! So Sunny! PUCK OH MY GOD IM CRYING Doing what I do best...Thinking of brand new crazy of the wall ideas to succeed! Man...If people only knew. The day will eventually come! ;) in the time of His favor, he heard me, and in the day of salvation, He helped me #b2bchat hey all...Dave here....I'm going to try to participate...but I may be in and out until I get home @#onlyblackpeoplesay do you have some hot chps why have i been so thirsty all day?!?!? what happen Sista Logan Lerman literally makes me want to die. He's so pretty. Marry me. Please! Your "Recommendation Roundup" tweet was excellent. Your Twitter picture is a good one too. BTW, you Twitter advice worked. Not being wrong doesn't necessarily make you right. today would be a great day to wash the whips Co-Founder of Pinterest says not to take too much advice when making a start up. ty for the RT. I'm happy to announce that the #DPRK thinks this is a perfect reflection of the son of dear leader's prowess total accident, was in sports and was stoked on the Perry picture! Go Weeks boys! RT : The Weeks brothers are leading off in Maryvale today - Jemile for the Athletics and Rickie for the Indeed Peace And Blessings reduced shipping rates are on the way! Walgreens has vibrators????!!!!!! In the recording studio working on my new song and, did you get my voice mail from this morning? you got it! then the world! ;-) No unsubscribe, no 'you've been placed on this list.' Very unethical, & if I find out which agency is doing this, it's not going to be good. Don't never get so busy that you forget to tell the people who help you, "thank you". Today's NY Times crossword was a veritable Halloween party. Now go Bills. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE YET TO HIT UP THAT #TATTOOMUSIC WILL BEPRESENTING IT TO YOU LIVE APRIL 3RD AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE How's your eye? :) OFF TO THE GYM SUCKS=CARDIO “There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.” - Ansel Adams I hope everyone has a amazing day and night. :) Touchdown in Seattle RT : Happy to hear that a client of mine RealNetworks Unifi won Best of Show at CES. HuntSmartly, is a new smart-phone app that helps apartment hunters sift through the many Craigslist listings RT : Don't forget, our 2nd episode is going up tomorrow (5/9) w/ our guest who has been in cinema & television for almost 30... It's great to see y'all on Twitter! We love you man!!! Talk things through without anger or frustration. Clear headed communication leads to "clear" answers:) nice! where's that?! HA, it is very meta, isn't it? Don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the Association for Asian American studies this week! I've done it before, therefore I can do it again. Marcus and I always get the Carmel Fraps Hanging out at the #statefairgrounds for the boat and travel show Like the cheering thing, but can't wait to start my other sports later this year ! but no risk = no success. that sounds good, who do you think will win? Pros or high schoolers? Meryl Streep.....you are a divine representation of a true artist! Congrats on your Oscar! that's whatsup!! Black city chicck hey about to go eat then later to the park for so volleyball with friends maybe cant wait yah!:) might be going sat or sun. are you also going? No taxation without representation. i'm sorry babe, i'm here! The Jonas Brothers & Dance Until Tomorrow :33 Keep it real in the field hunting Easter eggs. we were waiting for the bus. no one much around but us. then i see this young boy cut a look at me Munch city bro! #HungerGames is Hella Amazing ! All the undertone messaging was unbelievable You and I both! thanks so much - have a great week that awkward moment when you change your shirt in the car... and there was a guy parked next to you the whole time I can only dream of being the mature Grad student you are. I'm up kinda early today.. Thanks Bulls for a wonderfully exciting season!!!! Made it much further than most expected. Let's make some smart moves this offseason!!!!! I haven't purchased them yet. HA! In your dreams..the cubs will never sweep a series with the cardinals! bring me one too!! Snug as a bug in a rug later bet on derby and my horse won but I had him boxed with three other horses so I won nothing why cant i follow anyone someone help me Fall has arrived in Washington. Were any of you able to enjoy this weekend's sunshine before it vanishes? Send up pics Anyone who is a director, producer, screenwriter looking for actors I'm available. I'm highly trained resume ready if you want one ;) are you kidding me? Absolutely! Thanks for the shout out, ! I can tell the #taos speech went well just by the lingering buzz on twitter. :) You ever think does Tom from myspace be on facebook/Twitter and does da persons who made facebook n Twitter be on myspace lol Thanks for the retweet Mike! "I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone" n'aww thank your for the #FF :') #muchaprreciated #BFF<U+2665> That Jawn Crazy *in my reese voice* Just beat Gary, Mike and Paolo in 9-ball. Easily. All weekend bring your "unwanted shoes to El Borracho (22nd & Locust, downtown) to send to Haiti through soles4souls. get free appetizer! Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football writing 1st correspondence of hopefully many 2 my new jail boo- what font should I use? Need one that says sexy dangerous but not desperate. I'm spending my evening steaming veggies like a hippie. harish is from Telangana? nice to know.. Defense defense defense killing the #crew again. Mille grazie! I wonder if Giant Eagle carries it? I got 99 cookies cuz a bitch ate one Two of my favorite people! Yay! We need to meet up. Please and thank you. stop what? Tweeked back golfing. Really hurt it trying to kick a field goal in the yard in sandals for the 6yo. Plant foot slipped. Charlie Browned it "Don't take your mom for granite" <--- Jesus Wept. Im gonna be doing the oujia board tonight! Fuck bitches get <U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F> I love the back and forth between and Very entertaining. love your site... But you need to feature PlanetTran on your cars and trans page. We're nation's first all hybrid private car! Ok! ok! i rest my case! i will make a twitter! :) .. sounds interesting. We are experimenting with PLN's via twitter and blogs. Hope to expand next yr. I'd be glad to share. I chug protein like a champ. Z Greinke is a BEAST! I am listening to my iPod songs in alpha order & all the songs starting w/ "S" are ALL crazy good! Like, all No. 1 hits! Happy Leap Year...enjoy your extra day CHECK OUT TAMMANY HALL, 152 ORCHARD ST, 22ND MAY SQUALA ORPHAN PLAYING WITH LESPECIAL AND DREZZO is almost at 30,000 followers....let's do this! I hope one of these Rangers kicks this gingers (Neil) ass!!...I hate gingers lol it's narrowed down to Dale Hansen, Troy Dungan, Randy White or the guy that owns Uncle Julio's. Mekhi Phifer, Phylicia Rashad to star in Atlanta production of ‘Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner” - July 10-29. really? Where you going? Just ate dinner it was good I need to write a paper called "Ruined Vacations: The Revolution will probably follow you" hair done nails done everything did ;) #everytwittertimeline is filled with those annoying quotes Excited first day of work so close to home I'll miss you!! Congratulations, ! You're the winner of a free race entry for the 2012 series! Thanks to everyone who signed up. 4 more to come! actors/actresses get cut, and let go, viewers tend to stop watching. i know i have. i would hate to see an awesome show such as Criminal I won't promise anything cuz what if I can't but I'll try if we go what movie should we c ?? Ashlynn Brooke. A popular porn star. cant't wait to go clubbing with my bitches #whereisfriday? Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning! Watch this space for proms news. Java is probably the only programming language whose mere mention invites twitterspam. Ave of the Vines this Sunday. haha quite possibly! He wants me to go to church with him :) <U+261E>Happy Birthday<U+261C> yeah. either friday or sat. you? $4 Nude Vodka and Jeramiah Weed on Wednesday's oh cool! was the rhyme intended? I'm up early, but not responding to Twitter campaigns; YET this is what I love about data. It destroys hunches. Made me some yummy #Moussaka for dinner! Haaha best believe dat. RT : "got a bra on u head but don't call me a bra head" Good morning! . RT : A cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life! My god. Where did you get this? Done. : are you STILL talking about the #brewers in the kitchen ? you've been there for like 10 mins now You guys have tabletop shabu? awesome! there's a chuy's in the Hoosier state! Did you? Ohmygod. I just saw it Lol. Most weren't very amazing pictures of me hahah(; sorry for the loss of your friend :-( Congratulations !! So happy for you and the Mrs.!! (and Connor) i can't help it, it just looks totally STOOPID! Avatar, that is congrats to the #Pens and baby Pens on their wins tonight! Game 7s have to be nerve racking for real I distrust any company that doesn't list their address on their website. Reading my essays from last semester. I wrote a paper on the degrassi theme song. Blah blah blah, school. thank you for coming out boo!!! <3 In #SouthCarolina #text JIFFY4 & JIFFY5 to 90210 to join their #Mobile #VIP Club for alerts with #specials & #discounts from Jiffy Lube! Congrats to the for advancing to the next round of the #StanleyCup playoffs. Great seven game series. it's OK. the more I think about it, I was disappointed in Perry, not the band. the band sounded great. Top 5 growth regions for job opportunities identified by search firms: 1 South/Southeast 2 Southwest 3 Northeast 4 West Coast 5 Mid Atlantic see you guys saturday night. Time to get out of this rut, todays beautiful. Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.-- James Dean Max has been downgraded to a yellow... (I should have went into crisis couseling) That's very impressive! Question at event for teachers: How do you balance current events with the obligation to teach the standard curriculum? Photos look sweet. what did I do today tho?? lol NEVER HEARD OF #TW RT : RT : I like #TeamWestside songs better than Thanks for the #follow Let's rock a gig sometime soon! THANK YOU! To everybody for voted for our hero and a big huge THANK YOU to you Max, for all you do for What do u think? If they lose do you trade Wade? No sense in having 2 of the same player to me. Need a bench stat!!! on right now hooking you up with a 4 pack of tickets to the tonight!!! He's good looking(: np, be well..when 's your new album coming out btw?? looking forward to it.. ;) I know how u feel! I can't sleep at night either for some reason! I'm about to go to bed too! Goodnight! Oh no no please don't touch me lol Can't wait till I finally get my hair done ugh it's been too long. How are you today? Revolution can not only clean all types of rugs and carpeting, we also clean and service upholstery, air ducts, tile and more. Thanks , there's nothing we love more than sharing our love of garbage. facing new realities everyday, not being able to depend on anything is tough way to live totally welcome Man Much Luv! That's Wats Up who you talking about ?? LMFAO thanks for the retweet "The less I play, the more it sounds like me! I don't even need to play on my own record!?" how you said haha. Good response oh god:') did you do orienteering in blakey with the old guys :')? No.. Higher taxes wont stop us addicts. Will pay what it takes to get our fix. my mom use to have me greasy as hell. My clothes use to stick to me like crazy. Look for us and on tom. morning at 7:30 for a peek at French fashion, floral, food and cocktails! Intellectual Property: Explosive Growth Potential But Can You Play The Game? - Seeking Alpha lol I'm not chill I'm dumb wild n I be going crazy 4 nuttin I'm weird but I guess :P hahah k what u might not know is that I'm finishing up "THE PAKAGE VOL.2" as we speak and I might need some heat from u probably going to freak out for the next few hours. account hacked today, I changed my password, hopefully all's good. Sorry! #sem2011 David McDonald on Israeli and Palestinian hip hop. Detroit appeared three times including 2 more hours of The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB!!! Just for you! took me a few reads, but I just got your Why the hell would they have Dog Tv ? It's 12:03 am RT : This game started yesterday. Eisenach: "retrans just property right"? Do other property owners get mandated carriage? channels numbers? tier placement? #Huskies on a 31-12 run in the second half. What a difference. no problem :) just don't give it away!! 17 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !! How you like me now? Lol naw I saw I am the legend with Will Smith so I know how to survive just stay away from white women and I'm straight naw i doubt it Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget,let your friends know about this GGW event! early arrival is recommended!! Just when I think my opinion of humanity can't get any lower. Shit like this happens. It is inspiring to hear how different the conversation is around teacher effectiveness today than it was one year ago. It's a culture shift! Fuck this final...... PikaChoose 4.0.2 is out. showCaption option added and minor bug fixes. Also left and right positioned thumb examples in the download! CHICO'S ANGELS music videos filming in four weeks! Who's up for some Freestyle Friday? Share your favorites! Love that song!!! Tired of the constant "Apple" probs. She was way ahead on this story, deserves the prize. MT: , 24, wins Pulitzer for coverage of Penn State sex abuse scandal. Many Thanks for the uploads. Cheers, Love! Do that man RT : Sounds good. I'll keep in contact Welp this is gonna take forever I hope everyone is having a good day Eww, Adobe Air. The cavs got their hands full tonight. We hit em up. Stupid questions receive stupid answers. There's a big celebration going on around here as we toast to Coors Light becoming the #2 beer in America! 5'2"... We're almost the same height #ImMadBecause its to hard to find a girl who would be loyal to you and not do you dirty. Kevin Millwood 7 strong innings in Rockies loss to Reds tonight. North Carolina's uniforms are straight no I don't wanna go I may drive That's the rumor going around the internet. The library will be CLOSED on Mon., Oct. 10 for Columbus Day... But stop by tomorrow for live music 1-3pm! why hello there! Walking around panama city beach with torre aw : ( I'm having a moment of silence from here. ONE MIND, ONE BODY, TAKE CARE OF IT!!!! LET ME HELP 3ARWALK3R.... i need a friend who goes to the 6am or 9am class to tell me what the wod is! somedays i just cant stand not knowing! Good luck! Let us know if you make it! Happy Friday! :) Trying to do a little pinning here and there, it's so very visual. It appeals to my crafting and cooking alter ego... Let's set a speed record. Next 10 iPad owners to get @ me will be gifted a copy of my new storybook app. RT if you like! No restrictions. Thanks for the #FF, Ruel! Have a good weekend! I have self entertaining older kids who sleep-so I like breaks LOL but it is me trying to talk myself into loving 10 ENTIRE DAYS Love it!! Sorry that Fish got the worst of it. Standing up 2 bullies is every1's duty even when they have a badge and a gun. Thank you Fish! It's time for the bicycles to hit the track. Come get a taste of competitive local bike racing. My Friday night depression of having no life is kicking in. <U+0001F612> Talk about a Happy Birthday for me. Just got hooked up with a new Hip and Lower Back Kit. Can't wait to get started! can I come back and be an intern for life? I think would appreciate that, right?? Congratulations You've inspired our office to do a similar challenge. is preparing the charts! The most insecure girls seek out the most attention Watching speak. Such encouragement! Took a walk behind my apartment in SF (betw Berry and Channel St by the ballpark) - new favorite place in the city! And that's why your colleagues are scrambling to become Medical Acupuncturists? Music is my life! its really hard to be a Yankees fan New Tax Rules for 2012: Capital gains and qualified dividends in recent years are set to expire at the end of 2012. On a personal note - I noticed the off aroma/flavors about a month ago. Had a strange sourness w/ a vinegar-y note too. Why do the same religious conservative voices get media face time during discussions about gay marriage? Lazy news bookers? Anyone know of a printing house in Houston? One that you would recommend? I want a Sunday kind of love TY let the tweeps begin! Working on the horror and the drama/comedy script today. Behold, a pale horse! And the name it said on him was coffee. my names Adam and I know how to cus tweet she has worked quite a bit with also. If you're near a TV right now, you must be watching the 2nd half of AC Milan v Arsenal. Sporting excitement at it's best. What a game. A1 our print newsletter is mostly for donors but our enews goes to everyone (donors, volunteers, etc.) You've already reached your goal! :-) Yes we will be selling produce. But remember donation money will only be used for charity purposes and will not go towards the sold produce! Ok go swimming with one. lol Go go with light gloves: you're F I N E!!! That "Gotham City" Bout to drop bitch niggas!!! Pickup dates are filling up fast! Sign up today and reserve your space #IAlwaysWonderIf aliens are real... That shit would be gnarly. It was adorable when you were in your twenties. Not so cute anymore now that you're pushing thirty. EPIC night tonight. Got some awesome collaborations in the works!! Only if he has a cape. Woosh. <U+0001F4A8> Thanks for the #FF! What I love about my family is that I k is they will always have my back that looks surprisingly like a nuclear silo map ok u comin for real??lmao Happy Birthday! Good luck on Friday! You make the state of Kentucky proud. I havent heard from the #Mets in a while. Oh well, I'm a #Yankees fan anyway :) wishing U the BEST in Miami :) Go get~em :) I LOVE YOU GEORGIA!!! Thanks for loving me back! How about David Letterman can we count on to be at our Soma show tomorrow night? Build a Better DC. Start today. So long to everyone at #cildc. Up early to catch flight home. Leaving tomorrow for UKSG conference in Glasgow fucking idiot drivers.... Cheap drinks this evening: $2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and $3 Corona! Northwestern University School of Law & Salmon P. Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University (Semi-Finals) Bit with you and was hilarious and so touching. "The other Jimmy" should be ashamed! :-) even when ur not flying back from SD It's always 12Noon somewhere :P it’s not about being right. It’s about finding the right answer That is pressssh. I should have said that I saw , Staind (), and in Belton last night. Great concert! You gotta be important to stunt on my level we had a funny,and chocolate time *-* i love ariana grande b/c shes pretty, nice, sweet, and always in a good mood me too! Sounds fun! Hope you enjoyed :) #kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Tue, May 15 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness... OMG my mom is a bitch "so cause you changed your hair, you can't talk now?" hahah co workers are awesome Restaurant I'm at has thousand dollar wines and is playing black eyed peas songs. I see a guy pushing one around the M Streets on the way home everyday! I will buy it from him today. 2 years ago today, I married my best friend. Thanks Jeff, I look forward to your tweets! ": ": I'm the bomb like sadam ":let me see if joe will approve that 1" u mean jim u know he hates it finally a lazy sunday. much needed. Spitta Told Me Bitches Come Around A Dime A Dozen,But We From A Spot Where Pretty Women Act Ugly,So Fuck It- Yup. I still have to bust open the cantaloupe. I got one of each :) don't. Worry tebow caused the raiders 2 lose! Clearly the officials have suffered from lockout/short schedule, too. It's like someone out there doesn't want #Bulls to win. Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful. - Kathleen Winsor Not sure how many "Craft's a pro" jokesters are still out there but the dude shoots a lower % from the FT line than acceptable from a center Girls just want to have fun is one of the best songs EVER. You already knew that. Watching Steve Case @ Payments '09 Four steps to sustain the U.S. government's IT strategy in the post-Kundra era: Big enterprises, with their deep... bit.ly/muixoQ Committed fully to a Chris Cornell impression. Now my throat hurts. HTF does he do it? Voting for Hard Rock Callings starts April 1st O this is too deep for me right now.... I feel like crap Everything is all Googleplussed up. YAY, you made one!!!! get on ooVoo Will post soon. Need to tinker some more. Learning a ton fast. Your vid helped, btw. SHOUT OUT GOS TO YOU.. EVERYONE FOLLOW OUR FRIEND.. You must be at the beer fest eh? what is that and who? Has anyone purchased anything from - I just recently stumbled upon them and kinda love their items! I've got the brains, you've got the looks.. I am forever a Jonas Brother fan, I have been since they first started out and I still LOVE them at least i get to see him smile (: Matt Erlin (WUSTL) presenting on topic modeling German novels of the 18th & 19th century. :-) RT : Watch'n 4th and Forever I'm thinking about seeing Think Like a Man. Heard it was good. Smarter than the average bear booboo! ;) Molly Lynch shares research and tips for dealing with incivility. Participants at #PUP12 conference suggest sharing annoying behaviors OurkidsASD, our sister company, is selling MOTHER WARRIORS, Jenny McCarthy's new book, AT COST for just $13.50. That's less than amazon.com. She's worked with tons of people. I don't think she views Gaga any differently than she views Nicki, Britney, etc. GOODMORNING FAMILY & FRIENDS, I WISH EVERYONE A WONDERFUL & BLESS DAY. AND KNOW THAT GOD WILL BLESS & WATCH OVER YOU. Danny Granger and Paul George swap for Melo? Would it work? Hey Josh! I'm already wanting this next season to start!! What types of players would you like the Pack to draft this year? 2011.07.03 #Twins 9 #Brewers 7 | The tables are turned / Crew returns home happy that / interleague over yeah and i get that a lot People who get on a plane with an uncontrollable cough should wear a mask u know it ...[pt2] get public dollars 2 attend PRIVATE schools. They get more bc those colleges CHARGE more. That's not right. Thanks for the No problem chief :D all i care about the money give a fuk about the hoes Bikini Bar Bikini Bar Bikini Bar!! FABULOUS MUSIC SHOW....BE THERE!!! Thanks to customer service!! Thanks and welcome all new followers. Be doing some giveaways in next couple days. You all are the best Client just completed a demo. IT group vetoed it. Asked me to bird-dog others. Will pass along any specific feedback I get. WAT UP BIG HOMIE WHEN U COMN BACK DOWN TO PALM BEACH? Goodnight everyone. More #WhenAustin's tomorrow! :D Wow, that would be great. That's becoming quite an interest of mine. I love Cheez its too! what i wanna know?! hhahahahahahaha after 10 missed phone calls, finally got to talk to ryan!! Plus jersey shore always cheers me up! Amazing that OKC's in top 6. RT : Top-selling team apparel @ NBA Store: Chicago, LA Lakers, Miami, Boston, NY, OKC. The process of crowdsourcing succeeds in engaging an audience, regardless of the outcome. “: The awkward moment when Dora the explorer finds out about Google maps.” hahaha Why so much Kobe hate? Why such a push for Kobe's retirement? I don't know about y'all, but I'm not ready for a Kobe-less NBA. Wow! Fight is ON! SUN BOWL and City of El Paso hotel tax dollars are IN! great article! Merry rummy Christmas! Excellent That shit better change when I move back.... I'm feeling a camping trip in the near future Music on shuffle tonight, but keep getting TONS of Opeth. Guess I won't complain! We need permanent affordable housing in DC. R.I.P., Maurice Sendak. Thank you for helping us to reimagine children's stories & the way we tell them. May we all explore our wild sides. Celebrating Rickey Hendersons bday tomorrow instead. Best lead off hitter ever and no wars were fought in his name. me don't lie Hahaha barkley: "have you ever seen sam cassel and golum in the same place?" America or chivas I was wondering. Thanks! St. Patrick's Day Parade. What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes & Porches dale ale house on sunday! Brunch soon? It's the end of the year and I don't want any drama over something stupid... Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato, sprouts ..served w/ a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili & Chowder +$.50 My heart is in my throat right now....HAS to be Anytime man. Yeah that ride is bad to the BONE!! Lol at this fool tweetin & asking ocho 2 fly him out 2 miami so they can kick it.. Thats gay dude! ITS SNOWING XD but with the response I got, I think thats the last time I will take a reduced rate job that has me working over 100hrs in a 7 day period Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy. Have a role for you as well in the feature film "Characters" I would prefer you over Vanessa Williams I swear I had separation anxiety from him! <U+0001F616> New day, new beginning But i know he's happy & so am I. on Groupon today! is live tweeting from the PGA Merchandise Show in Orlando. Check in with her for updates on all the sweet gear. colin carr and thomas sauer play at the gardner museum on jan 31 1:30 pm Your new addiction? :D -_- gotta chill so in love with good choice with the confetti cake of course haha #letsbringback story into the hearts of commercials and photography - Follow Little Weapons Who is in the city this weekend? Are the SFDPW key maps unavailable right now, or is it me? Haircut! I look different, uh oh. At least he didn't dry hump the star this time. loved the column What scares me is there is one question to life, but so many answers, and the fact that no one could be right. I will still keep my Jesus. NBA players wear the same thing every game. Rondo sometimes wears a headband, then doesn't. That means.... Thanks all of you amazing people for the follow and you all get a follow back :D keep following! Lol, anyone wanna fill me in on the VMA's? i miss the first parts DX (: You too girlie! State Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted - new AZ GOP Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention - Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experiences and invest them in the future If Rajon Rondo is suspended for #Hawks - #Celtics game 2, Atlanta improves from 52% all the way to 71% for that game. I'm putting through #childlabor right now. That awkward moment when your not tired but you know that if you don't sleep.. tomorrow isn't gonna be exhausting -.- #Yaay... lunch deal it is!! Is beach in the plans?? hahahahaha!! That's awesome! Well we are gonna have to have meetings for the club. Any ideas? Did u know u can get our album on Itunes & Amazon? U can even listen 2 it on YouTube before U buy it! www.youtube.com/themattwaynemusic For immediate release: Cinci pot-core outfit xResinx announces debut 12" LP "YOLO" and pre order packages to go with it. you have no idea, how real I thought it was.. Watching To Kill a Mockingbird with Viggle Sat | 5PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV. Have you been outside yet? one of my fav with the ravens, but go To play scoring golf: check your alignment, strengthen your core for stability, Drive/Chip/Putt well, stay away from Db-bogey! Just made it to Brussels. Tired but excited to see the city and the gymnastics. This has to be the longest car ride ever!! Playwright Harold Pinter died... What a sad Christmas. Have you had your "Shake of the Day?" Come in and roll the dice for prizes!! Ask a Roots team member how! How about that +/- of -20 dude. The game was a Heat blowout when you were out there. For my next performance art piece, a dear friend will stab me in the side on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. The video might go viral. lol...nobody wants any of this Wisconsin Cheese Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+ Really glad I'm not on the double decker bus blasting dubstep slowly driving down 4th. another reason why the knicks suck? Dumbass players Omg if these cars in front of me moved up I could fit in this circle...I hate picking up my sister from school on a rainy day it's why I moved around... #Rockies win! 5-3 over Astros in first game of the year. thanks for the follow I love ur tweets im gonna send you the link Okay, John Cena acting constipated was semi-funny. RT : trading weird stories with during half time. RT Did I just hear shout the southwest and ?! I think I did son. Dopest shit ever! All day. Every day. All night, dude. hey vinny, quick question. Whhhhhhyyy arent you comingg to C H I C A G O??? :( Have you heard of that store called Regarding Kitchens? I think someone should open a store called Regarding Kittens. funny I just turned it off cause I saw they were winning ": Ike D. RT : late rounders most upside? Ike Davis, Lo Cain, T Bauer @ or B Belt?" No fear of Valley fever? have a great day! <3 because i'm taking everything pre-ap next year, i have a feeling i'm going to die Everyone please stay safe tonight. And say it with us....FUCK TORNADOS!!!!! What do you think about social networking websites as they relate to the Arts? So who should be the new NYT CEO? Come to Minneapolis. I question only “not really” – too much evidence to have doubts any more Sometimes I want a relationship , sometimes I be like I'm better off alone. Put me in your Hm, very curious about that exception. (Don't tell me you inhale Paulo Coelho novels.) spongebob is the best there ever was(: Just because ur honest doesn't make u mean. I am the nicest person in the world BUT I refuse to tell ppl what they WANT to hear. Because they have faith in themselves it take a believer to make any one else you of ll people should know that PSA: Feeling lost, and in despair i know someone who can help. His name is Jesus. Good morning. Heading in for some quiet work time before the chaos starts, might take Friday off! What are you up to today? Whatever it is.. Me either..GOOGLE! Scrambled soft down not mean when I get to table my eggs are well done #failure to the cook Believing is one thing.. Beliebing is another <3 I made it up :) Standoff in Edina over. Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home. "He hasn't broken laws," says police. "We'll leave him alone" I want to dye my hair a light brown color, almost like blonde. Should I guys? Beautiful article! Why did we start sneering at simple joy & kindness? If I had any non-spam followers, I'd RT this to all haha well I know I promised you a lot of things and I will but when I finish my Director career :P lol I'll get you it :) Mr. Mature, i don't really understand a shit. -Childish our bromance>>>>>>>>>> yalls romance o can't wait. fuck the lakers i dont rock with them unless they playing the heat lol And that, my friend, is why I'm delighted you have joined Twitter. Good job Giants. That was a big win tonight against the Phillies. Great pitching duel between Cain and Lee. Go Giants! Im ridin round n im gettin it. Its mine, i spend it I mean, you should have to make some personal connection, right? Not just put dates + genre into a machine and spit out a tour. Drupal is my BFF now! In my own lane is it me or does it feel like a new social media site is created everyday? Great job tonight Jennifer. Thx for always be the first to jump into acting action. The drink I made at home isn't as good as the one (ok, four) I had at the bar. i wish my 35 yr old ass could be a part of ur life it's ok lol an ok boyfriend..but a great wifey. Nashville friends, I'm now a zoo member! And I can always bring a guest, so let me know if youd like to visit the zoo! I'm sick! Where's the recipe? :) Too excited for 21st birthday sounds interesting, I'll check out ur site. I see ur son has talent too maybe we'll link up sometime Hi, hi!! You look so familiar... haha! ;) yeah!! It rained today. Much needed H2O ...and the importance of adding a constitutional amendment that keeps marriage between a man and a woman. Mashed potatoes can be your friends In rehearsal with Joe chambers!!! Wish I had someone who appreciates me Aww babe so good to me My new book, "Power Principles for Success" is being launched next week! Get your copy on Amazon.com. To my Mother: Mary Margaret Miller (1927-1999) and to my stepmother Gloria Grotjan-Miller...I am blessed for both...;) wut does that have to do with anything I'm reading over documents and I've already found 3 typos. Spell check doesn't catch everything. You have to READ in order to edit! Sheeesh hbo like 215 am. super late. Just listened to John Feinstein on earlier this week. I'm on the Fire Randy Edsall train. Just hope Kevin Plank is on the same train Fuck your pretty face. Of course, I understand completely, but it is also a fact that a lot of people want to keep a baseball team in PDX. Oh well... you're just a sweetheart:) I want to do a candle light shoot what lense. I will drink with ya!! At least you know it's not a hand-stapled zine! That narrows it down! Watching stomp the yard I heard you may be opening a compliance office in Mt. Sterling. lol I just realized today is Friday the 13th! awwecrap. a little late - but Go CAPS! ...What's the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on? Henry David Thoreau YES THEY SHOULD! lol ,..hmm not sure on that ..that tiller really throws ya round when it digs in..one way or nother we'll gitrdone :) Gettin ready for tonights concert and hell yeah gonna be a blast!!! its sittin that, Lois Napsack, OG Hash bra, you gotta Have That....Aflack lmao im high so that had to go in We went partway up Mt Si on the old trail. First time on the old trail-quite steep. Hope you're having a great weekend :) Ice can't keep EMAC down! Tuesday night, 's class had their scheduled Barthes discussion on TodaysMeet.com. RT - reggie bush signed wit da dolphins cuz kim kardashian got that store in miami... el em aye oh. RT Uh, isn't Dulles in VA? Agreed it is great, great architecture. It needs someone to champion it. True that. RT Having a plan, even a flawed one at first, is better than no plan at all. First track meet tomorrow. AH! Kinda nervous. Dont feel well on top of it. the brush expands it is too difficult to use lists and not possible in the Mobil App... Please improve! Easy to add People I follow to list! Really glad not to be on Facebook; here, will only hear about Harry Potter incessantly if I choose to. And since I hate HP, I choose not to. From City PD- two men shot along W. North Ave; Officer arrived, fired shot, hit no one. Suspect got in car w/ another man and drove off haha yea, there are 4 in the CMs! me, LA, Paris, and the 2nd SF community manager. :) I had a dream I was a cast member of , I was in charge of keeping Max & Caroline from overspending Last night went GREAT! thanks to everybody who came! We enjoyed your company :) could you make the groups searchable from your Community tab? Too many are using ! to get first listing, which is a bit useless. :) but how many times fo they gotta play it? I'm tired of seeing Otis dog out my man David Ruffin! He who denies all, confesses all. Such a perfect song for to be singing on right now . Sitting and wiping away tears he deserves this On the bright side... since I don't have to save for a trip to New York I can go see BTR this summer! Still a lil bummed though. sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies. You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help. “: I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole” lmfao You are going to be xcellent in Sparkle...that movie is a classic and you will shine..Congrats!!...Whit as your mom?..OMG! Nice!! Thank you! yeah girl! Hot as hell today in Austin....really miss training camps... Do you have a Tumblr blog? Trying to get my thoughts together. Happens to be a difficult task. Watching watching himself on twitter .... Sort of like inception... I went to the Chicago date and was blown away (in 1998) I Love The Way You Sing.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get One Of Your CD.!<3 West Palm Beach went very well! I wanna give back to my daddy if I didn't he made sure I did and we did prom all by ourselves with no help Intuition is really a sudden immersion into the universal current of life—Paulo Coelho Simplicity and execution Not Surprise and change ALSO THE NIGHT CREAM #2 GIVES ME RASHES, I START GETTING ITCHY WHEN I PUT IT ON! "the seatbelt is.like 35 pounds hot" 4 year olds r adorable.. #FF to the best jerkin' crew out there ! Happy Friday!! rt ha! “: Just taught how to use twitter. Follow him for what are sure to be dorky tweets.” Despite rumors to the contrary, Mike Tate, chair, is assuring all that ALL Dem Senators are on board with stopping #wismine bill. hit the chapel durin a hospital visit. peeped some scripture. song of songs is damn sexy writing. wanna be a player, read the bible! peace. Have so much to do, wish I could just do it all instead of tweeting! hahahahah...yeah, at the end, nobody got arrested, so i was like "OK, that sux"....it was an episode called Secrets Fun times at YSU today! :) after I eat and run, those two are my top priories today haha how could I forget? hahahaha(: fuck. my. life. So, Harry and a model named Emma Ostilly had dinner last night.... I'll settle for oil being down today, even though the market is up for what I consider to be for no good reason. I'm your favorite pongers, favorite ponger I love all my fb and twitter stalkers lol Things are starting to get hopping here at Music Hall as we gear up for "A Swingin' New Year's Eve!" He said he hasnt been able to work bc of the #TrayvonMartin case...WELL DUH!!!! Employees photo. Brandon 'owner" in the middle. But you never know a special guy might change my way of thinking Hi sorry to hear that. Let us know if we can be of any help. O.o ok Lmaoo “: Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, & speak without offending.” will do Pro tip: go to bed. Im backk sort of since im doing hw, I will just minimize the screen if my mother comes in #AmberPortwood, "Teen Mom" on , is back in jail. Follow for updates. i dont got a lot, but i got the mic. i dont pray a lot but i still write As you can see, I'm going for a "Politics Free" day. lol Don't know how long it will last though..... I give it 2 hours :) lol You got that right!! Please! David Top 10 Reasons To Call Paul 24/7 Board Up or Flooding: John E. Mattock, Gary McLean, Terry Gates, Robert McLean, Ken Michel, JD Dooley Attending Strat Plan Wkshp breakout presented by Cambridge FLA at We hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and an even better new year! oh..no...awkward lol its off now! :) Watched the #Sherlock 2nd season premiere, against my better judgement. Entertaining, but the most American British show I've ever watched. awesome, G. Love the smell of a new print job in the afternoon Gonna take a nap so I can see on stickam later :D Best Parking is in 7th/Pike Street Garage. Starbucks on 7th, Caffe Ladro at 801 Pine. Registration Open. Entrance on 8th/Pike. The pizza ghost gets nervous and sweats pepperoni juice EVERYWHERE. OH! FAIL! nice! Did you make it back for sessions or was the siren song of sun too strong? “: Darren needs to shut the fuck up” Good morning! Waiting to hear from a client who is in labor is nerve-wracking! Now I know what I put my photog through in January.... ;) This will be the last week to win before we go on hiatus. We will be back with more hunt in a few weeks. RT la lala la... going out tonight Sounds like animals may be what she's been dating. But that could be offensive to real animals. well it might work to your advantage, considering I actually know you (: go for it! Ah cool! That will be a blast! hey all! Back and in action! Got dat girl talk with ma girl Eva. lmfaoo that's why we always stop talking LOL He told me he will never leave us, I told him to come back. He said he never left... It wasn't just a dream to me... I would like to have one, just ONE, good morning. ONE. At least I know will the day will improve thanks to and mel. Can a nice glass of wine really make things better? I'm so bored and so hungry The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie. :) got u Good Luck to all students having Chinese tests and Oral exams! <U+52A0><U+6CB9>! America's Best Dance Crew with all routines to Drake songs--SCORE! The Tigers are becoming the cardiac cats again. Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans! YOU ROCK! Ya did?? Will look again. Did not see your email! What if standardize tests are a gateway to an uncontrollable desire to read crappy passages? 'Let's have some new cliches' Samuel Goldwyn Lol thank you for that voicemail saying "hey bitch wanna get laid tonight?" stfu immature cunts whoever you are. They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network. Im surprised that more people don't recognize you can we hear some fatboy slim, praise you? Please! at work right now, if anything is going on when I get back want to target n got my sister a white ipod lol n back home Noeleen: Keep it simple...pick three main messages of 4-7 second sound bites and stick with them. Yep, and worse than that, I've lost track of time doing fun research (ancestors) that it's already 1:25 am. Time is not friendly. Ill treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,ill show you the real definition of the best,<3 Dear , you just saved my night!! I won't say I miss you and I lie because I have too.. Because I know you'll never look at me they way you look at her Hurry Back! I CAN'T TAKE YOUR SILLINESS ;) Ima ride this bitch till the wheels pop.. About to cook I need to eat for I pass out so pleased went to see "Detroit" Jealous you managed to see my friend Austin Pendleton in the bar afterwards. 90 minutes of #exercise per week should be good enough and always have chill out days lmao lmao.... Lets see lets practice You can now find Envy Protege Designs on FaceBook <3 Why do I have class today? Nobody else does... is talking abt trusting our instincts. So true. We have to stand 4 the power of our gut & trust ourselves this guy. hi culture friends! finally tweeting! took us long enough, we know... Skipping to first lunch to be with my girlfriend(: Morning!! :)) Today you should have a Apricot. Just ate 1000 cookies. They were so little May GOD BLESS Her Soul, Abhishek Bhai. GOD BLESS. I could sworn it was like 7:35 five mins ago!!!! Wtf happened man..day goin by way to fast O_o Follow these folks to save some money! Tonight on we're joined by Travis Tuttle, and Verona baseball coach Brad D'Orazio. Starts at 7pm. Waaahhhhh I meant 6001st I suck butt Would you work for a company that makes you sign into your facebook on a job interview? is on timeline now, oh boy! Yovani = still ace of staff.. yess! I don't know what I'd do without you on here to laugh at ma jokes. You are once again correct. Thank you Mr. Hairsplitter! ugh, you're annoying . I sent the email to Austin about 24 hours ago-.- email me back already. . .gar #ReasonIAmLateToWork Skunk got in my house and sprayed all my uniforms! RT : 328 #artists from 31 countries involved for #twitterartexhibit in Norway. Supporting Moss Woman's Crisis Centre. . introspection is not even very good for analysing oneself. It is good for rationalizing. Fresh black T on... get you a new designer. Finally in bed. Today seemed like a 36 hour time block. I don't know much about this #Kony guy, but facebook should probably make a 'dislike' button for him. I think Cozart is a witch These classes are horrible Back to Nashville today!!! damn u look good!!! Your fans are getting out of hand in Seattle Adam!!! We almost witnessed a fight between some 50 yr old women! Was there only 4 movies last year that were made?? hey i'm at school sorry! Haha &its ok :p text me from your ipod. :D or just tweet me Herman Melville~ We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibres connect us with our fellow men. that sucks! I was in the hospital for a few days after they removed it. Their testing is awful, at least it was at Swedish. Hugs! The weather right now > Damn this week is flying by. It's already hump day We've eaten, eaten well, and are back to work. (Did I mention we're composting? Greenest #thatcamp evar!) I know me too. I'm about to call Glen myself lol Just placed an order for a boatload of equipment via public wifi in here we come! Desk clerk just described my Vegas hotel room to me as "smoking optional." "You can smoke if you want to, but you don't have to smoke." Ah. Sweet where do ya live Remember their appearance on Beverly Hills 90210? Congrats! You won the Wed. drawing for our Bobcat contest. Direct message us your address and we'll the get the album out to ya. Big Congrats! My #soul awakens dreams too. My #desire is always so, asks for a #kiss and denies the same mouth. Merry Christmas to all!!! What a wonderful day to enjoy your family and friends. Cheers!!!!! Just a joke - breathe easy ;) Are you doing quality follow up after your giveaways? Launch a Text-2-Win campaign, follow up instantly and directly with the entire opt-in… I got chick dat really like me would have put da dick up on her but i had to catch a flight i guess It's 6AM and our baristas are ready to serve. Stop in for $1 coffee or $1 off espresso drinks until 7AM. Hip hop fans if you like , check out this kid from Maryland #BigShoes It is all in the lyrics. how about when you use the Google Earth browser "3D" on GeoCommons with uploaded trails? Beautiful Monster (: Pros in #WagstaffTrial claims defendant raped and stabbed victim 39 times. Defense says sex was consensual. Conference on Higher Education Pedagogy. Excellent EW, go away gym. Looking forward to the WORT Block Party today! Playing w/ at 11:15am. It's a beautiful morning so far. RT : No matter the form or size of your problem, God's capacity and willingness to solve it is infinite. Thursday night! Bowling Green KY. Newmatic and Halo Stereo at Tidballs. Can't wait to get back to BG, Kentucky! Thank you in advance, rockstars; love you all hey, I've been on that ferry a bunch of times! I dont wana make things,i wana build an empire. Just day dreamed about senior year what fun times For my xmas present, my iPhone 4 decided to COMPLETELY die. Anyone have an old iPhone that I could borrow/buy until I can get a new one? 2 hours until frappuccino happy hour! Piece by piece into the measure of your flesh. "To direct attention in one way precluded all the other ways." #aimstech12 How do we reframe the conversation? With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself I love the shower FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown & Sexy Affair..... #Come clean or dont come at all no! Are you? I just heard you guys are coming to Raleigh soon, it's an awesome studio. concuss your head! Donna Summer's music helped so many #lgbt people, especially youth, through difficult moments. Thank you. I am coming through Conroe from Beaumont to College Station on Tuesday between 10 and noon. You going to be around? Claudia, are you ready to evaluate the SPM data mining suite? u live n newyork right Tickets don't go on sale until Friday though? They look so cute :) APD investigating shooting on the 300 block of Wisconsin in Ne #ABQ. More details soon. You go home smelling like pork, so you get a double seat on the train all to yourself. I just saw Haidy!!!! He's so tall!!! do u still have the same number? Enjoy carolers in crisp air while strolling thru SAT. MARKET on Harney St. til 4pm today~handmade items by local artisans! ...like the Kobe ring for Vanessa...do the 49ers go out and get one for Alex Smith? Hey I'm gonna send you some pics from friday you might think im young but, i am a huge fan of you. i love you so much and it would mean the WORLD if you followed me!!please No doubt my inner housewife. RT : The thought of the day to my boys- Truly great people never discuss their greatness! good luck 2 my friend who is so courageous & moving 2 #nyc this wknd. you'll kill it girl. Yes, and I was trying to tell you that you were correct. This means I had 6 out of 7 illegal exams/projects!! thank you for notifying us Mike Detective me caught someone internal mucking about with stuff on our website they shouldn't have been. Name names, Doyle! I can't promise sunshine, but I can promise great, humidity and a good time! "If I die & become a ghost, I'm going to stalk hot guys.” thanks for the retweet! Printer ink exploded on me today.....This is the first time I wish I had been working on web design instead of print. Also, on Fri, Sat & Sun only, we'll offer our "Red Hot Youpon"! 5 classes for $25! Come on in, or get them through the online store! Morning twitter family! I'm at "Not psyched to be reading your posts about island paradise" JK.. Hope you have a fabulous time :) You and me both! Oh great another Country Singer to sing the National Anthem in Indianapolis, At least i still have time to get some good Ear Plugs Curling my hair tomorrow c: Is #veganism healthy for children ? We want your input! says design thinking extends to thermostats. After seeing #the nest we agree. The survey was meant to bring to light some of the misconceptions regarding childhood mental health disorders. Follow me on #instagram too for cool Indy concert photos :) I think 14th is where Lincoln Mall starts. As close to there as possible Living on the streets would be alot easier if i was n Indian.. And the dj is totally checking his phone who's ? Oh right... the kid WHO IS STILL MIA FROM MY LIFE bahhhhh My yoga teacer, "If we take care of the moments the years take care of themselves" Getting back from the Crozet Music Festival go read a book by yourself. “: BREAKING: #Anonymous releases entire Sony music and film catalog.” is this true? That's crazy. we did for new clients it worked great client loved it they could see what we were inputing in the computer -we do bankruptcy just tryin to stay afloat Twitter is my savior during school hours. The hangover part 2 #hilarious & #awesome !!!!!! Being a very public and unfiltered forum is what makes Twitter horrible/awesome at times. There's more room for moving up, when you're at your lowest........Take the room, and move up.... Getting closer to starting some changes. :) That part in the movie Advengers when the hulk throws around the bad guy like a rag doll!! Hahahahaha too funny Yo Terrell Owens. Most of us don't know how to be dads. I have sons and didn't have anyone to show me. I try to learn as I go. #dhtrial with his promise to get their names. Tomorrow we're back. This comment has inspired some whole sale aggression! Couldn't have asked for more Cold, cloudy days are great for bundling up with a new book. What are you reading this week? We're reading SWINDLE, by Gordon Korman. People earn your trust. It shouldn't be given so freely. Some of my favorite Christian charities: Habitat for Humanity, Samaritan's Purse, World Vision, Compassion International There's so much hockey left to play. And yet, and yet... Damn.. she actually fell asleep on me! that is very funny and creative! She knew I was on Angel’s side. It was a bond we continued to hold in common, I'm brushing my hair & painting my nails today. Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci Hatch My Fall, If I Should Stumble Do you have two twitter acounts or is my interwebs glitching out? Thanks for sharing this! Yep, plenty of omelets and benedicts plus bloody mary's and mimosas every day of the week. Have you had a chance to try? Did you find a place? I'm looking too. Do you think Bobby Knight is saying "penetration" so much on purpose? Tbh, I think Jelena broke up. just leave her alone... She doesn't deserve anything your saying about her. You always say ur gonna leave but u never do so- "the philosophy of technology continues to see Heidegger’s likes and dislikes as profound thought" I will during the Q&A section - Steve Anderson just gave a nice mention of and MediaCommons in general 700th tweet. How we doing so far? You still following? or that ex girlfriend that never goes away! I cant wait for this week:) happy Easter :) Like every week like it's acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".... its barely raining lol, artists have to stay in shape I feel your pain! hell yeah i know ima see wat i can do. but if its over with, ima just fuck with a after prom or sumtn I always think bout u all day <U+0001F380><U+0001F60D><U+0001F497> How am I up so early I only slept 2 hours! Oh well guess I'll watch Pauly D Project and get this day started Glad you found the strength to overcome your burning hatred for "choosing from a menu of options." About damn time my phone lets me log in to twitter! yes I'm on. Lmao of course on raincheck. Have fun at conference Cori. Sent you invite. We're here at Tuesday Blend Project at Hard Rock Cafe. It's getting packed! Great vibe <3 i must have been the manager in that dream then! wait wit…what's ONIKA?!? I'm in Vegas ya'll... Just landed... Smooth flight... Pilot was an artist... Local time 8:50pm... Local weather 72 degrees! can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 243 No faith in Suisham. Don't no body go in that bathroom for, 30-45 minutes. GOOD LUCK!<U+2665> Yes, right now we are in the process of recording our new DEMO. Fuck it! we might make it a whole Album \m/ Wow! I've been added to a lot of twitter lists! I have to get my own lists in order! I never update my lists! Thanks to all who added me! I will when I get by a computer I need to get more people to follow me on twitter .. help me okay That's great, glad you're enjoying life! Thanks for the follow! I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster. are you scared or something, nervous? Lol it's just hair. Lol You see lady who doesn't want to check her bag, I already checked my bag, I'm 6'4", and this space under the seat in front is for my feet. Risk impacts decisions, the outsider is at a disadvantage, decisions must be realistic / reassessed every 12 months. #Seau and now follow me or kidnap you? no, I am of those you never would do that, you just kiss I wish i could trade my heart for another liver so i could drink more and care less. There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives. will do bro Off to visit with Audrey Stanfield and Brittany Kriger for Brunch!!! Yes to Brunch! It’s sad when someone can walk right by you and pretend you were never a big part of their life. BE CHEERFUL ; WHEN EVERTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG Now on: Strongbow, Heavy Seas Loose Cannon, Rock Bottom Witches Brew. Come n get it! This girl wears the ugliest clothes ever. RT : #Jbsomeday I will be a famous singer! I'll never give up! tonight SUCKS. {Coming up with something that works in EDU reforms is almost impossible. Great chefs have the wow but all secrets r never shared} District champs !!!!! #hell yeah I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me. ernie johnson. Guy on TNT. was just thinking that I'm finally starting to feel like normal at 1pm today haha sry I'm out so can't be in the tinychat atm. Are you guys doing the cali gurls idea? criminal justice careers I dont really care I have, legos are amazing. And they support engineering, math, and science education! Barack Obama "In My First Term I Sang Al Green..In My Second Term I'm Singing Jeezy" lol how are u a creep? Liberals like make me laugh when they want to argue politics and haven't even read the Constitution. Pathetic. welcome to my twittscape dad What do you mean by that? RT Consider a carbonara pasta. I've got a lot of author sites but book specific--not as many. What genre are you looking for? I can probably find some. Can't wait for summer time! since you're taking guesses full on...here's mine all spelled out...Pinetop Perkins Yep.. I'm ready to start walking. scared money, don't make no money. Your Neighborhood Plumber NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies....24/7 They represent two different aspects of digitization, but maybe both trending toward more open, flexible approaches. "Why am I waiting for tomorrow when Christ gave me today?" Sorry ladies, the website is being re-done - should be up and ready by tomorrow morning!! Thank-you for your patience! Best way to not get busted for something, not do the shit at all in the first place. you guys better get a ring this year ! make bday 30 something to remember right Kesha is the music equivalent of that feeling you get when you walk barefoot in the restroom of a public pool. That's a good thing! Groves offers hospice & respite care. Why are all these cute boys hiding out at olive garden with their families on a Wednesday night?!? #notcomplaining #owowee #callmemaybe :-* yeah, I'm very excited to see Mike returning. If he's anything like he was back then, he'll do great. :) The average person lies 3 times per ten minutes of conversation Twitter, Y U NO SEND ME NOTIFICATIONS ON MY PHONE? Just left school OH. IT'S NICK'S BIRTHDAY TODAY! #happy18thbdaynickj (: haha, i almost forgot.. BUT I DIDN'T! ;D Launching early gives you opportunity to get user feedback on an iterative basis. If Floyd falls to 22 I'd pee myself. Fuck everybody except for TRUE FANS AND FAM thats how I feel NSAC: Want Mr. Overeem to understand, we are denying him a license today. I AM GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE GONE well, good morning, dark circles! you are news this am. less than 2 months! Thanks! I instagrammed and tweeted a regular photo. Lots of RTs. What a sight! My dear Twitterverse, I promise that someday I'll have more to say than talking music & bitching at Blake. RT : Spring is right around the corner.. Call now for Free Estimates on Lawn mowing, mulching, or any other landscaping. I bought a Nook tablet! ha, I dont hate it! Ive just played the hell out of Swoon/Carnavas recently, maybe I just need time away to appreciate it more. hey, you said your Kristen Stewart. Why would you wanna look like her? I will never know It seems like every Oscar show has at least 30 people on the memorial segment. same here, here, here lol It's not fair #CLIPPERS Safe Travels.. Bring home the chip!! Wow... that's a lot. Thanks for the shout-out! are you available in Illinois? Apple orchard =satisfaction Ted Nugent Booted From Army Concert My Head Hurt So Bad :\ Thanks Matt! Thanks Jared. Soo, I wonder when I'm actually gonna start this sonnet. Thanks Annie! RT great video Alexa! i'm volunteering @ a high school..very interesting listening in on the walkie talkie conversations...it's all good :) Ppl who take 15mins to text back. <<< I don't mind reading I wish I liked to read more but it's hard for me to find a book I can really get into. Good morning twitter, too much blood in my caffeine system, correcting that with some coffee , ricky tick ... Seriously hate everyone!! I'm so done. Lots of girls do! I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James, & most of the top 20 piks last Sep! Girl power! full blown hardo move bein a bar before the sun goes down Chillen with my sister an her beautiful kids #GirlsLoveWhen Guys Let Them Rest Their Head On Their Chest While Laying Down . Im hungry! Oh, it was One Direction on SNL. They looked so young! okay Goodnight! Sweet Dreams! X You need an excuse? that is very acurate lol A+ When pretty people call me pretty. c: lol I got you I thought you were sayin she did, I was like the FUCK? Its been a while since i've seen some Twitter After Dark shit on my tl...hmm.. FINALS, who ya got? Welcome! RT : Officially walking #marchforbabies305 with How about using social media/Web 2.0 tools for engaging citizens in policy development outside public meetings? Why, oh why, did Geico decide it was a good idea to bring that pig back? Going to sleep. boofuckinghoo there are protesters. shut the fuck up and take it like a man. Any way I can get copy of your slide on ideas for tweets and Tw Campaigns? Had a great evening with my sons.... Also taked about Donald Trump video phone busness...$500.00 to buy in????? to sell $100 phones 30/mon. Happy birthday Ace Frehley! Thank you for the RTs! Happy Birthday, ! 3 dimensions of public accountability within an org: administrative, technical, political -Delgado have you ever talked to yourself in your head for a period of time and wondered if you said any of it out loud. #awkward no weird Sup bro??? DaBears!!! lol that's a good one :-) I should be in Bloomington right now on campus, getting ready to enter Assembly Hall.. really?? U bought it for me??Love you, you are the best!!! Yes, upside down jets might b just what we need. Thank u so much Alan. I know what might help! #ala11 Dance Party! Seriously, prepare yourself for my sweet moves. So we beat on, boats against the current. lee lee stay hurtin ppl smfh RT : S/o to 's tv for bruising my pinky! "/ Bryce Harper has a F'ing cannon. Today 1845: First free public school opened in Southport (later to become Kenosha), Wisconsin. Opportunities? They are all around us, there is power lying latent everywhere waiting for the observant eye to discover it. I'm still anti-diet for u... have u seen yourself!? yeah and who not gay i will turn her gay His name is also a great way to promote the merits of evolutionary theory RT : Darwin Barney is still really, really raw Apparently it's usually in the hour after... just a few mins to go OMG! just made my night he followed back! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Definition of : (noun) Not your average joe. Syn: Greek God ; Bees knee. Ant: Loser, Look for suppliers of e-books in DRM free formats such as epub -can bend over and clap mah ass cheeks haha just learned! :) Forget Superman or Batman. Take home a REAL action hero: #OscarWilde. Get your free Wilde action figure at booth 3738. Just got some bad news.... Always! Unless we decide to come up there and see and the family This is too early >>>> ok >> send yo email again That is worth every penny. oh shit, well to apply to an ivy league & some UCs you need to subject SATs. having one of those days with my eyes where I think I am gonna need to find a non-computer based line of work. I heard this story first on BBC radio! I was like, how far inland from Mexico border does it have to be to become US news? Crazy! No kidding, right? Pretty terrible use of words. negroe's 40+ still wearing fitted, timms as their only wardrobe is just sad YESZZZ! Show me your moves! No It Dont Come Easy. No It Dont Come Fast. Lock Me Up Inside Your Garden. Take Me To The Riverside. Fire Burnin' Me Up Desire Takin' Me So ide love for to follow me aswell x Knock em dead bro Bradford Enterprises & Primestar construction are forging ahead on joint venture! Pres. Obama's jobs act was infuential within this effort! I know you wanna follow me. ;) x5 We may be in Metropolis! Come to Perk Park (12th & Chester) for a photo shoot on Friday at noon! Umami Moto will be there too! "Mygale [MIG-uh-lee] n.: a genus of large tropical spiders." Um... yeah. Don't know if I can handle that. Take the pledge to end bullying by going to standtogether.tv! I made the pledge. Will you? I was impressed to witness motorists helping to assist a snapping turtle across the road during an intense thunderstorm! Branches helped! Shit you already know bruh I got you The pitching has been off to a rough start, a long season but a disappointing start. RT : RT : Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful - John Woo Bright lite! I feel so alone since oomf don't live in GA He currently works as an inbound marketing manager & product owner at HubSpot and recently authored The Social Media Marketing Book RT : RT : Gratitude develops faith. The surest path out of a slump is marked by the road sign "thank you, God." gorgeous eyes(: s/o to -- Thanks for following, what's coming up... Check us out blacksouthflorida.com "It, hell. She had Those." --Dorothy Parker. RT : RT "We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make, ... Yes I drink. Yes I smoke. No I don't give a fuck. Ok, I'll cop to "metrics" -- it's the closest I'll ever get to using them. The rest....an abomination. Nailed to a cross with only 12 followers, he screamed "My God, My God, why have you forsaken me?" JC must have seen his life as an Epic Fail North Shore were the best out of this group so far. who would have guessed? Santorum is in that dreadful stage where, no matter what he says, no one is really listening. Birthday Girl :) Going To Have soo much Fun ! W/ these relevant data points: Astrid kicks ass, Pacey is lame, Lincoln is better, and Anna Torv and John Noble are amazing actors. Life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V no man dies alone. rip fop3 Can you link where your convergeSE slides are? hey bud i know some of yr friends. im from cleve, lived there most of my life. if you come to SF we should play a show! That is a good one for you today You fat hefer, you SERIOUSLY don't need to eat ANYMORE! Aight? had a great night with a good friend - saw Pirates and loved it, dined at the Franklin in SB and loved it, but the company was the best! Who's watching American idol this year and who are you pulling for??!!??!!?? Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood. Life without love; what are you talking about, that isn't life.<3 Good luck with that... MT Jonathan Vilma issues a statement: "I INTEND TO FIGHT THIS INJUSTICE, TO DEFEND MY REPUTATION... " #NP Walking on This mornings tasks include providing support to clients in Maryland, California, and a potential SES upgrade on an S8800 in Texas. ": I'm in the house who wanna dance?! Come see me!!"lets make a movie so exciting!! Really #SNL, Eli Manning? Really? Those that are the loudest in their threats are the weakest in their actions. Don't let this cloudy day bring you down! Stop by our #LindenHills or Franklin location for a delicious #freshbrewed #coffee this morning Your very welcome. ;-) Thanks for the feedback.We only request a name,email,and password to register and never share your information with any 3rd party. both of yaw need 2 cum back 2 Omaha ne Now I gotta walk to neighbors house cause of this snow... When did John Travolta grow a beard.. And when did he name it Kelly??? "used tosteal your parents liquor and climb to the roof talk about our future like we had a clue never thought that someday idbe losing you" Happy Mother's Day To All The Moms Out There! for UA? good luck! (: Don't you just HATE one word replys? like 'Yeah' 'Ok' 'K' or 'Idk' Nothing says "I'm gonna' kick your ass", like Justin Beiber. Really Mayweather? Really? I'm just happy with the 45 degree weather up here. So much snow this year, will take a while to melt :( All a gay girl need is some good dick Haha RT : Stupid, attention-grabbing little girl with a root sports sign, stop it. Make a pirates sign or don't make one at all. Dude his Buffer than you love you too girl:) one out of three consumers who have scanned a QR code have a household income of at least $100,000, according to comScore. Good night tweetheads! I seriously love this fucking chick hehe then there will be wednesday!:) my dog just ate my favorite pair of sandals! Wtf?! #shortgirlproblems climbing cabinets/countertops like a little monkey just to reach a bowl <U+0001F612> No we're not obsessed with newplay. And thats why your city never deserves to EVER win a cup. Just a few hours away from #commonpitch Where should we get dinner? Holy crap I just submitted a request for a major departmental / strategic shift and my director didn't even question it. #ednatdenver here we go!!! Thanks for the shout out! The pleasure is ours. Glad to see Little Keswick on Twitter! Parking lots suck....when they're named I-95. Hearing of lots of stand still traffic @ 95/JTB. - Ha ha crazy as triathletes, just less lycra okay niggas i'm hungry! fuck Drew and his bitch, and let's go to CiCi's ! i'm tired of waiting on these mofos having a friday night brainstorm Tune in to CBS: 48 Hrs Mystery on Saturday, May 7 ...to see the story of Lisa Stone's disappearance! Congrats on the booking!! When are you shooting? Lol i'm weird Teresa: YOU ARE AN ANNOYING PIECE OF TRASH, shut TF up!!!!! you on life one? C: I'm thinking NOT... Am I close, David? Those shots of Jose Cuervo I took last night are not my friend right now thanks for the sexy pics :P I will! My cat is 18 today. He looks like Garfield. where did ? Going? Friday ? What's ur name? Ya Marissa is one of my bffs : ) 6th GIG, COMPLETED BABY, TIME 4 A THICK-N- JUICY STEAK, AT TX RDHSE!!!! RT : What's the name of the fetish where you listen to Mitt Romney talk and throw up? haha. I get it. Cause you woulda spent 'em on said dogs, right? Let's seriously get a hotdog together soon. much love G when you comin back to ptown Haha. Love it. Beer should never be absent from mugs. good game tonite,loved ur hussle keep it up :-) Is there an age limit for bag-snatching? We were once robbed by an 11-year-old. Times running out get ya ticket today before you're sol Gym time! Yes sir, C Everything Officer of , expert marketplace w/ a frontend combo quora + linkedin Haha. Thanks smart ass. :P Feeling very healthy I think I should eat in and out burger! Lol Sorry- don't think we do! MYHOUSE Fridays GRAND OPENING this Friday 6/4. Get on the VIP LIST and check it out!! Does anyone out there have a good understanding of Zipf's Law and would be willing to explain it to me? One of my favorite moments in Stevaughn's project--the drumroll. yes, you should...i though it was awesome! when does your vacation start? Gotta love it when your car overheats on the way to a days consulting work and leaves you stranded in the middle of nowhere..... nope ... Sum thing you cant still verify of you stating your roster sir .. So we even ...See after my lakers get that ring. I'm looking at your caramel cake with cream cheese frosting. It looks delicious! Did you ever figure out a less crumbly middle? Power outage in my dorm the night before three major I just followed you because we had similar interests. : I'm staying at a friend's house but am allergic to her cats and can't breathe Its Still Ugly Outside.. can't believe there is only one more week to Christmas! wait . . . what? . . . tomorrow? . . . tomorrow!? . . . you MUST be kidding!?! Rage on, my friend. It's hard, I know. But as long as Nezumi is feeling good, you guys deserve the extra time together. Dam now that i think about the kicks>bulls “: Happy birthday and God Bless u Man of God!!! God bless u Sir!!”... Thank you, Bro. I am blessed. God Bless you! You gotta love it! Thanks for the response So bored. texts would be nice. People who steal other people stuff is a true bitch. Hate to say that word but .... its the truth! yeahh me and madison just got into it We just had a few of your #coworking diplomats swing by! We're always excited for folks to use their coworking visas! Tonight will be a good night!.... Just 5 more hours of work..... Come hear my perspectives on open source library automation at 1:30 E203 International Ballroom West Got to step away from development... Brain freeze! Going to shoot some sticks to chill out hard to say what helps "better" fusion, but I worry about lung capacity. Bioness Initiates Study of Neuromodulation System for Chronic Peripheral Nerve Pain used to live two doors down from your parents. your dad was such a wonderful man. miss his spirit. Really want to go to CP! T^T but nobody pick me up!. lmao I know you made that tweet bc me! Going to go see crazy, stupid, love. My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga Knowledge is free at the library. Just bring your own container. - Unknown if i dont have work!! #TeamPeeta or #TeamGale? :D not based on looks but on personality and skill!!! Somewhere your boss just parked his car near a playground and jerked off on your pension plan. Aren't you attending your best friend's baby shower? You should.... Excellence is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends. Hottest day of the year! Are you staying hydrated? It is absolutely critical to drink your water on days like today! god look danooo #Crew96 vs NUFC brought in a little more than 11,000 to Crew Stadium last year. It's not like Stoke will be a significant drop off. Job fair for veterans at and whos that? Nothin school this year is gunna be epic Hey McNabb, give Jake Plummer a call in Idaho so 2 of you and big Al can start a Shanny Dissed Me self-help group. I'm sorry to hear it didn't turn out better for you this time. But your great attitude about it makes you a rockstar! do one in orlando! Exquisite Peruvian cuisine , intimate setting, Passion and love for what we do...just Happy Valentines everyone! #TEABAGGER #MikeLee Forced To Sell 'Dream Home' In #ShortSale. AAwwwww the poor teabagger. Perhaps the #KochBrothers can bail you out. I have an extra ticket for the premiere of Act of Valor at the AMC Altamonte Mall 18 tomorrow night at 7:30. Hit me up if you wanna go too Man mother nature you crazy this calls for chocolate-covered strawberries was so happy to see last night!! U ladies where beautiful!! :) It was an honor. We're proud to be supporting you as the next governor of Selling a brand new iPhone 4 ! DM if your interested ! slaughterhouse is going to be in town, what.. possible show? Interesting aspect of the June 12 primary: If a candidate in one of the Reno City Council wards gets 50% +1, then only that name goes to Nov thanks for the ff!! Oh yay, haha. I'll stalk some shops today after work too. This breakfast bowl smells so good* man*!!!!!! Charles Ess: exploits new technologies for political influence better than anybody win. Have a safe flight to OKC. okay... Do you remember the strawberry shortcake cartoon char? I loved her. Been flying in a Cessna but i wonder what it would be like to fly a WW1 fighter plane , i guess you could say i'm bi-curious Kale chips are in the oven! I'm really excited for you guys! My 2012 Resolution is to not let anyone throw off my groove and I know y'all can help me out! Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed. Restocking the table one brochure at a time with TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline. Use caution in this area. yeah, if you want shitty seats or lawn. tried when they went onsale to the public and couldn't get anything remotely close I'm insanely excited for my Shakespeare and poetry classes next semester... Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman? He's too cute! Soo Im gunna delete this Twitter and make a new one ! Lol RT : Most #Libra's pack on the pounds because they love sweets, cakes, cookies and avoid exercise. I'm gonna give my son the best life I can because he deserves it <U+0001F463><U+0001F476> cut the tips off plastic grocery bags and stuff your toes in those, under your socks, inside your shoes, under wool oversocks:) Happy Happy Birthday to You!! Miss u Friend! Reminder: This is twitter. This is not a therapy session. Of course! Did you scream!? very nice!! I agree with Carrie, Skylar!! “: You're amazing, girl! Now hurry up and get to Nashville!” MISTER ROGERS ON TIME POLLUTION: "that our world needs more time to wonder and reflect about what is inside." up watching this law & order #community episode... lmao. ohh, sorry, like i cant find my camera, and ipod :P sorry, maybe next time :( Since when did the stereotype for middle age Jewish men become hawaiian shirts with scraggly facial hair? Come on guys! represent the clan! My neck will need a 2nd massage tomorrow per massage lady. In the process of watching this stupid as music. This is not whats up you can rent and stream on NOW click "Add to Queue" than watch now and you'll be streaming! thanks for the loving , champ! It ain't hard to tell - Nas... Frank delivered such a beautiful speech to Denise. Loved "when lives are on the line love needs to be at its strongest" part Huh. That's great info Marty. Thanks. Attention All-It's only acceptable to voice the "S" in "Illinois" when singing "Hail to the Orange." Other instances wont be tolerated. i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it I'm at Jacks and Joe with Laura and Molly! We miss u Lisa! It's so crowded with crazy Trojans! All pussy aint good pussy s/o to my new follower Nice day/night for a video shoot! Yall give it up for Parmalee! They've been through so much! Glad to be a part of it!!! #CMTdebut!!!!! Finals are here, and I was just reading some job alerts to remind me WHY I'm back in school. For a Dream Job doing Interactive Design. Going to Dinner with my twin sons..... My jersey was on before I left the office. #TETC11, if you bring your iPad to our booth (132) we can demo the platform on your device! You can use our wifi for a bit too... :) vegan mac & cheese with peas! yum! Kansas. I love a good underdog Sure! We just need three peeps. Pick a date! I can't help it you're always on my timeline! Thank you!! And may we say if we didn't last night: you looked fabulous! I just tried out my new elevator pitch but the ball bounced off the door and smashed me in the face I have to get up early for church. Grrrrrr my parents make me go. Oh gosh, love - I'm no model ! I just have enough confidence [: Does anyone have an instagram?<3 if so follow me Peter Joan Grande i follow everyone back:) ! Omg! when... people think they're funny, but they're just annoying. << That's a common view of Landmark Education, yes. And, that doesn't match my experience at all, in any of the courses I've taken #NACUA kicks off compliance workshop with one of highest turnouts ever took a couple days but yeah I don't want a 24 inch one lol. Apparently Brad Pitt is going as Kato Kalin to for the night Wow... someone's PROUD to be a "Certified Porn Star"? Dr Phil....... The movie "Enough" is so damn intense. Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently is at $19,298.00 and growing! Step into my world and see if you can even stand against the gravity she's my music enhancer when the music plays she's my dancer when i'm around her everything's faster every question i have she's the answer Working in the southern bridal show!!!! :)))) Thanks everyone for the #FF today... Only saving grace to this Brewers game is knowing is enjoying the extra time at Miller Park with the FSW crew! ones with an extremely high levels of "awesomeness" Ain't nothing better than realizing it's 8am, not 9am - well, AFTER you drove all the way to work ;) it's not ok. Ohh I'm the crazy one? I'm not the one tweeting myself ;) but I still lovee you too! <3 Good luck with the booksigning, Mel. Take care of yourself. Regards, Maya that's what's up fam..do your thing Just go sit in the car. I don't like LeBron at all. And why would Kobe say that?? Yes. When the Universe gets sick of American Idol and all that mind numbing, it reminds us who truly has the Big Voice. YES. I am ready whenever you are. Just say when! Happy new year! We are open regular hours today and tomorrow! Come on down for your new years piercings and tattoos! My headache feels like someone keeps hitting me in the head with some unidentified object Will listening to the song for real extract the earworm or merely embed said earworm even deeper? Get to work with the great tomorrow! I plan on directing him completely in Russian, so as to not show fear. Heading to Revive! there will definitely be a minimum BAC in order to drink on Maxwell OK, so you follow some of your fans. But would you follow and chat with someone who wants to work with you? rdv is going to be fun tonight:) I was with Ann Hood yesterday, who s/b speaking right now at #muse2012. Best to all my friends, attending this great conference! follow me and you will get some! great to meet you too man! We got lip singers on caso cerrado Why did I just sit here and watch that entire Brewers game? that is very interesting. I agree too much time on their hands lol. Its alright its a workout tho lifiting heavy stuff for 8 hours lol really happy for you! Your light is gonna shine bright for the whole world! Congrats on the new gigs! I believe there is 3% out of 100 of us that has originality Weeding the yard the first time year. Out of shape. can't eeen much flex, meg is one ugly character. out here shaped like a spacers pencil box & whatnot. In case you didn't make it in today, the Reuben is on our lunch menu every day! Toney Douglas went from starting PG to forgotten man on the bench. Per D'Antoni: 'somebody would have to get hurt of fall out of favor' at the very least, pujols shouldn't be an all-star this year. I seriously fucking hate it when someone is sad/mad about something and they decide to take it out on me. Thats not okay. Congratulations to my brother Dusty on his engagement! Be wary of those you meet toting gifts of friendship... CONGRATULATIONS! Knock'em Dead! as always, thanks for the love and support. Al!! Hoping all is well.. wanna go to th movies or something? Cause im bored Thank you for the #FF dear! cant you just leave me alone? that's so good I took a few tech-school level programming classes and I never understood why more people didn't bring laptops. Perfect end to the O's game today with Wieters nailing a stealing Nat. I honestly don't even understand how I have any tears left. Have not heard from you in a while...any updates? Getting bored methinks we are taking this "touch" analogy too far. it just sounds dirty now! what was the last great novel you read? remember when eckesited Ha seriously, that was random. We are afterpartying now.. good times Police union spokesman: 1 suspect shot and killed by police, 2 shot when officers respond to a burglary in progress in Little Village. Thanks Cameron! We appreciate it! It<U+0092>s great to see old friends, such as Olivier and his wife Oria Finally my garage / studio is getting a new ceiling wall and door this weekend! #40DAYS until the concert omg I'm so excited Old rock songs in the morning. <U+2764> Thanks! I feel so official! Suddenly day job has lost its luster (not that it had much). Now I can be Katie, the author instead The Lakers played great team ball, solid defense ,, 30 pts again from Kobe, let's go Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same i've been shot in the head in 2 dreams.. its like I die in the dream and revive... weird stuff >_< Thanks for your always-incisive writings! My Nipples Are Hard A'f. -______- Your welcome :-) Hughes looks good, if he can get some run support. Elaborate designs for what turned out to be @ 15 seconds of music. I'll cover for the mistake by saying that I'm planting seeds for later... New 3 class session starts this Saturday. Will you be singing with us? just not enough aggressiveness on offense. It doesn't help that Elliott reverted back into Patrick Lalime either Cool cause we are about to drop this Hot New single "Show Out" with Shameik & Shawty Lo everything has to be on point thanks just drink orange juice and tweeting. sup? dang! Still??? Ewuh What time do wasps go to sleep, I wonder. Waiting with bug spray to get this nest right outside my door. no problem ! It was done so good I like it ! How long did it take ? ur the reason im always smiling I love you Well you must be one special employee too! hey hey all you sexy people! alexis here!!! all new pics and ready to play!!! check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around! Just saw a vanity plate that said "IWRK247" - don't think that's something I would advertise. All work and no play is no good! Why do we change our clocks on a Sunday night? Most people are off on the weekend when it makes the most sense to do it on Saturday. Stupid. Now Rush is complaining about "overeducated single white women"...yeah because he can't bully them. What a dick. arrrg. Was gonna be there tonight Vantage Point looks good, but I prefer swords, weird guns, etc. I like my assassins to be as impractical as possible. <---- May be the only person in-house with a Twitter acct. it's okay:) and yeah:/ it sucks.... Hows your knee?:) Lol RT : Why does Chris Paul look like LOL How many times have you typed "l'm okay" while crying? Sorry for the trouble! Send me an email with the address you used to register, and I'll look into it. ^MG Pat "Melt Your Face Off With Rock" Young will be breaking a world record this evening, 'round the 7:00 hour. Bear witness. what video? If love to.(: My heart beats. Echoes into the cold streets. Where nightmares and darkness begin to meet I like the figure above (shoes) Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life. I need at least 200 followers to beat my friend by December. Can you help?(: Advanced Mailing Services ~ serving the Albuquerque area since 1992. I like how my dad's tweet has been retweeted multiple times and is now all over Twitter thanks pap! Haha ABOUT DAMN TIME! NOW LET'S GET JAKE HIS FIRST WIN! WE CAN DO THIS PHILLY! WALK IT OFF! #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!! 8D Cute couples<3 I hope to make it on Sunday! Being sick on the weekend is the worst. :( Am I the only one not getting the feed on the #comm_college virtual symposium? Ah, gotcha:-) The Amon Tobin set was awesome last night! 'Grats to the #Nebula team on the launch and thanks for the great party! MWAH HA HA!!! <<EVIL LAUGH appreciate it Alexander Penney~ The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands. YOU have a head problem being in love with Justin Bieber. It's good. Been playing a lot of FIFA and MLB. I'm more of a sports gamer. Who has seen Video Chatting with Denise Donovan tomorrow. Tweet us questions with the hashtag #cpcquestion :D Of course! The slides are widget isn't working for at least one reader. I'm on the ethnographic end of code studies. Yes pls! MT : time for bars *inside* museums? YOU are the inspiration! Thanks for the shout-out Yuma u are beautiful Besides flexible funding and paypal, what's the other advantages of #indiegogo over #kickstarter? I don't fully understand yet. What happened to Skiles' defensive-minded teams? yeah, okay ms Malcolm in the middle. I still can't believe you said that o: Welcome! Is the reception from 5-8PM or 6-9PM? Have seen both times posted. Thanks and we'll see you tonight! Just randomly thought about how close the concert is and freaked out and almost peed myself. Yay! So glad to hear this. MT I enjoyed #casesmc so much. It worth my 1 day travel from Egypt. Just dont give up yet, you still have plenty of time left. Saw the lucky one with last night , such an awesome movie and a great performance by Zac, you've really become a talented actor! Listening to the ? bailout? bankruptcy? OK something will happen? to the American auto makers. WOW where are we headed? happy day for Mr.Keith Plz keep the 4 students and 2 professors from Lynn in your thoughts for a safe return soon. "Reconciliation = Pathway to #Poverty" Bill certainly doesn't help #children living in Seriously! Damn show. It has my heart being twisted and pulled in every direction. I need a drink after watching it. I NEED A JOB you's a nocturnal bowler!!! Oh, the divine joy of sunshine beaming through open windows. So why don't art museums use ideas like LA/Boston bets to lure visitors? Sigh. it will be a short day for me today. Have to leave around 2pm to pick daughter up from school. Not sure if we will come back If you see the BIG Cat tell him you heard me tweet of all the exhausting work we are doing while he is away! :) thought you would like that O yea Ma bad I thought u was talk N bout another pic Slow Shit Slow Shit. LLS!! ND Thank u I Love it ND I Love You to Kayla. Helped Frank with his computer, he couldn't connect to the Internet. Sat in front of tonight at Titanic:) haha sorry if we scared you by randomly talking to you! hahaha Rumor has it Top Model is moving to Friday. Bad idea! Why would you put a crap show like top model with a hit like Supernatural? RT tweakerrsamm: i wonder what life would be like without . ohmygeesshh, horridd and no humorr :| Why does the Tweetdeck iPhone app keep crashing. R they going to fix this? Made it to Montesano, WA in a cute cafe with WiFi. My feet hurt. I'm a bit sun burned. My butt itches when I sit down (need wicking pants!) Just wrapped up my meeting to launch my show on a new station #Clear Channel's #WLAC. Promo has been cut! Sundays, 10-11AM CST! I find out if I got into UF on Friday at 6:00 PM so this week needs to go by fast. What some look forward to the most about work is when supervisors are on vacation. i's so sad to miss last nite! Seemed like show of the decade. totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys! #MyBiggestFear is the day my Mom dies. Thinking about it almost makes me cry “: “: Any suggestions for a great birthday dinner out in Philly? Thanks!” Vetri!” - or Monks! (get the veal cheeks) lol ray is my boy he knows it's no disrespect. Congratulations! Is that the final step at your institution? I figured out how to make a new download button without the magento file uploader. #BOOYAH! I got EVERYBODY I was cool with back then on Thursday TBT LMFAOO! God always comes through & encourages us just when we need it! Surround yourself w people who lift u up & Gods light will shine through! Living everyday in expectancy. Have a blessed day all. why not ..what are you talking about Good seeing you this weekend ! Always working hard, I'm sure you will actually help you one of these days ;) never too early! Get on the sauce - you are on holiday! A few things bother me about this #osama #obl thing. 1) I thought celebrating death was what *they* do. 2) ... "half of todays national debt was run up in just the past six years." I love how republicans pretend they are fiscally conservative Is Cody going back to L.A ? :( Steve ross yoga!!! Sweat your butt off! lol ya thought it was the bad naughty thing to do hah! did u see Bravo on the stretcher after the game?? Ask Nate about it Thanks for showing Lashman some love. time to #Google it im extremely tall too =p Love this idea - going to try it in my online class this summer! Thank goodness you're not. Peyton is a weiner. It's not just physical, it's mental as well. Life aint easy for the greazy lol. phone died as I pressed save, so must've screwed it up ... also, don't know why it's autopushing to twitter :/ I Heard That The Guy I Like Is Still In Love With His Ex And I Dont Wanna Get In Their Way So Im Moving On Cuz I Got Better People To Meet:P Rest in peace Steve Jobs. Thanks for changing the world. yeah, basically lol. I was a slave to FB! Just saw the post by about Facing the Son, A Novel of Africa, and all I can say is wow! Sounds like a great novel! Completely agree with Shift! Has become my go-to beer! You have got to get that snow blower off your home page! You live further south than me and we haven't seen snow since 2010 me too! Loved her Christmas songs! She is a little awkward which makes her seem more "real" I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day That awkward moment when I face planted RT : MVP candidate Robinson Cano gives the Yankees a 1-0 lead with a solo shot off Hellickson. Drunk people yelling at me through car windows are hilarious. These Neutrogena commercial bitches know they don't break out -.- You're *probably* right about that! Thanks for retweeting! Just caught a screening of "Page One: Inside The New York Times." Cool event at the Newseum, good movie, and David Carr is my new hero. Well Muma Hawk brought dinner back. For your sake we have chosen not to disclose the cute baby animal that bird has just slaughtered Three new viral posters for Prometheus I love Google and the internets. Found the answer to an InDesign question in two seconds. highly doubt it. Aka I don't know anyone with a baby and I don't think i knew any glass majors by name. RT JrOneTrey I be counting money til I pass out Long time not eating this awesome food !! very kind of you sir. i am a bit of a dame, salty talk and such. little but fierce. have a good 'un! im saying if i don't make it to the next round of x factor im auditioning for glee project Our drink deal 2day is .99c Watermelon Slush (over50%off). only at 8212 Liberty and Edgewater store. Not valid w/ ot promo. ask 4 drink deal Cutting certain people out of my life has proved to be succesful in my daily happiness. These are big issues. I'm thinking of potential value one day. rock a bye babyy when is the talk going to be on? Loved AGT last night your hubby is stealing The show!!20hr fan I glad they arrested the guy! Are u getting these bullshit pool & other fees too? Please share the email. It'll save me from social shaming them r u mad at sum1 Game today against Austin. Really think Rob Gronkowski and Hernandez are going to be mentioned alot next season, good to them I'm bobby bird...die stuar count? Lol jp ;) In North Memphis. Spoke with Jeff and he's a nice guy in a tough spot. Not really his choice to censor. /rant over back to making TPE great. meanwhile, Dexter Fowler walks to lead off the 8th, with CarGo and Tulo licking their chops mellow brown ale. Not hoppy in the least. Tasty all the same. :-) maybe. I've got 3 cover videos coming up soon. You're gonna be surprised thanks for following Please Hold. ..why do you follow men's humor? Ive walked more around vegas in last 4 days than 2 months in Tampa. lol More purple in LA? Damn :-| Bo *Throws ah tomato at that hoe* “: To help prevent #gout, cut back on red meat, watch the beer, limit fructose consumption and exercise frequently. #mayoradio” and as far as state st, well you will always have some idiots in every crowd Thanks, Ben. (And sorry all for tweeting this boring shit.) I kinda figured Colton was going home when they said 2nite was a "shocker". He doesn't deserve to go home but he's still a winner. #MyBiggestFearIs Losing My Phone<U+2665> i want to go to college now! Okay, it really bothers me when teachers complain about having to teach 4 classes on one day. Hello, thats what we do EVERYDAY. shut up. NO MEETING TONIGHT!! Let us know of you'd like to participate in the Allen Park Cleanup Saturday! Made the cheer squad , oh yeah . <U+2665> I wonder if it'll be the end of Western Civilization as we know it. Dennis Hoppers best lines, "I'll fuck anything that moves!" and "Heineken, fuck that shit, Pabst Blue Ribbon!"...too sad. Brewers beat Cardinals 3-2, avoid sweep - Columbus Telegram I allow the energy of what I'm feeling to reveal what is blocking my alignment. I always have a choice to realign my thinking. so I voted using my twitter. My last sent EXACTLY at 12:00 and counted! Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be" I would've paid all the money in the world to see that!!! I am so allergic to mosquitoes and they love biting me. My right elbow is swelled up. unless its a reality show sluts these days. I partied to hard.... lol Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better. dude. so good. think I'll have a bowl of it now. Or six. Guess what ..... nothing ! hahahahha ! Thank you booboo :-* have a good day too, don't get lost :o! Lol Good to see San Diego's first responders @ MM town council, RB last week. They don't get enough credit for what they do. It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to book your transportation with Integrity! me 2.... U R really kind...and talk to me tomorrow okay..bye <U+263A><U+0001F60A> HOPE YOU FOLLOW... First correct answer wins and I will DM the winner... Character and personal force are the only investments that are worth anything. - Walt Whitman Bojour Bella! Did u get the box I sent from NY yet?? Buzz me when u do. Luv u & Miss u doll face XOXOXOXO I'm going to miss in school. </3 Thank you. We love your product! hope you can make it. Charlize Theron's character in Young Adult needs her own show. Is this dude really trying to sing. SMH stay in your lane in spin the music Expect to be tired. :-) Stick to UK meal and sleep times or you'll pre-long it. Opt for Dextro tablets rather than caffeine. fantastic! Thanks for sending it. And your #1 is enough for me... Thanks for following ! I have heard you are doing wonderful things down there in Florida! I look forward to reading your tweets! "u r amazing..be strong..this shall pass..get a massage...relax..keep smiling..u have too much class to let it effect you.. Please call Matt 1-800-613-4305 x2 or shoot him an email at . He can go our different services with you. MLB does it right: Interactive gamecasts, massive amounts of stats, in-game video highlights and live look-ins for every game I kno my god mom will do it for me I love her Idaho: Rudy Kovacs, Idaho State University professor of art, will retire in January after serving on the ISU faculty for 31 years. For... Woman because men fake relationships so technically their not cheating lol sad but tru "I want, like, three steps below the best for you. 'Cause, really, I want the best for myself. Deal?" hey, i just found out im taking drivers ed in feburary and im so nervous. lol no one wants to get in the car with me Everyone can understand this. I have more battles with myself, than I battle with the rest of the world. I live in Oakland and work in SF Thanks for the #FF shout out! U can stay mad at some1 4 so long until u start caring again All right... 10 minutes to #SMASH & The 2nd week of rehearsals for Show Choir at are underway! Life is good! I've heard rumors that surprise books are appearing in mailboxes for people who entered to win a SHINE SHINE SHINE ARC from Macmillan! come see us play at St Pete Pride today... 10:45ish LES IS MORE. Wow really? Really? come chill on /G\IANTS WILL REIGN SUPREME! OMG! I swapped my classic honda for a Harley . Uh oh. Lots of coaches I encountered with my kids were passive-aggressive. On the bright side, also receptive to gifts. Can I get my Skyrim book back? -.- RT nails it: Political polarization closely tracked economic inequality/On Plutocracy, Paralysis, Perplexity My homegirls mom use to tell me my homie would come home from school, eat a handful of flour & start doing push ups °_° a famous person is following me.!! (: haha thank u ! no.. I literally just got home from the airport.. But in the past they have usually played them around 10 am.. We will see :) Sigh....most movies are getting lack luster reviews......what happened to the days of the films that moved you?? Lion King? Jurassic park?? haha thank u!!! I guess so, I just wish I could meet thats my dream lol omg why are you not going ! I will lol It takes as much work to stay successful as it does to become successful. where is that and why haven't I been to it already? DC allergies have been taking their toll on me since Feb but the past few weeks have been brutal. Heading to NJ 4 EastOver wknd might help. where is the rally? I had too many snacks this afternoon and ruined my dinner. Wompsies. naw dawg. Thats when im flying there. Im staying till the last week of august. Arrived in Sheffield to speak at the the MmIT National Conference tomorrow ": Thanks for following! Nice meeting you!"SAME HERE SIR. hey please follow me for my cousins bday gift (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE LOVES YOU ALO AND would be happy if you follow me :) Colored Jeans - hot or not? I feel honored to know why you googled 2/5 of those things. <U+0001F46F> I have the most amazing boyfriend ever. <U+0001F497> yeah, be jealous. Those long jumpers from Iguodala don't look as good when the don't go in. I want the first quarter back. ha just sitting watching it snow! first snow day of the year :D Tampa u All day! you are correct DMoney...ancient aliens is hilarious...I do agree ;) So my grades arent a reason my mom say no to drake ": 'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me." Lol almost tho... Woulda been nice but Rangers don't need Fielder. Resign Josh, Nap, Kins and Cruz! Can't wait for...baseball? awww that's sweet and what she say Apropos of nothing, I'm really hoping at some point you have a project named 'Pot Committed'. If you were wondering I don't care if I have 1 or 1,000 at an event the impact is still the same. #getalife IJS Number one rule of dieting: If it tastes good, spit it out. I'm bout to take a drive somewhere!. Mark me down for that! I'll meet you there! As a former Catholic it makes sense, sadly. Anyone else think that #HARDCOREPAWN needs to be an hour long show? & B.o.B. collaboration is pretty sick. Genji calling ... good M-THR sushi ... follow me please Now following whats been good! How is AZ treating ya If Chase bank is here on Earth...who is running hell. You greedy fucking swine, douche cocks. I've got last year's final four Butler shirt on........ready for some hoops. #itsCrazyHow one song can change your day I'm a clapper, I know like front hand clap, backhand clap, golf clap and the loud clap Ladies if u want to guy tell them you want your cake and pie at the same damn time at the same damn time! Statingthefacts! Alisha asked me why I gave her a dirty look/told her to leave me alone in 1st period. ha ider that.. i'm a straight up bitch in the morning. A raise, 5 more weeks of vacation, 4-day weeks, a puppy, maybe even a window that opens ;) “: I love it! You are so talented.” much appreciated! I'll keep pushin out the work Film shoot, audition, then a show, busy day today! The first one of the season is always the best. Must be a Wisconsin thing :) Enjoy! I'm 99% sure Ian Stewart is using one of my pics as his new avi on twitter :) Thanks for helping get the word out. :) Me neither!! I would love to have it before they come to the DMV area for their show!!! Hint, hint... :-) #sheISthebest if her name is christi. ;) I'm still shocked to have learned years ago the original Hamtaro is 296 episodes. Can't believe it's the last full week of school. right now, i have little/no hope, so i guess im resigned to loving a loser. I'm miss lying in his arms Would it be rude of me to ask the arguing couple across the way to speak up so I can hear everything and not just the yelling bits? You can tell I have been playing around with computers tonight. I love my Mom <U+0001F498> Thankyou professora for sending me home now I helped a puppy :) Sometimes you rly piss me off. Instead of saying "he better back off cause you mine (: ." you tell me to go for him? Wtff. just like yhu bitch "I will never say duck" Time for ice hockey. Let's hope we keep it under double digits this time! thanks Mike. Short trip but should be good one. Is it weird that every time I eat pizza I hear the music from the opening credits from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II? RT : Interviewing lots of people. Out of meeting rooms. Saw someone getting interviewed in the storage closet. will settle the matter today.” 4 1Meanwhile, Boaz had gone to the gate and sat down there. And now the redeemer whom Boaz had #Torah 74/9 no... I feel sorry for you! He was asking if it would make a difference if he used his woods -- that are really made of wood Can we #rent out excess #supply? Gyourko of Wharton. A fire loss can result in complex damages because of the unique behavior of smoke. A trained professional should survey the loss site. User experience is everything! How can you be the of your industry? Great things to think about from Getting some good anecdotal feedback on the blended learning arrangement I have with my senior classes... ah, reflection. Lots going on in Forest Grove tonight: First Wednesday events, student art show at Pacific, and Christmas with the Trail Band concert! Idk. I'm so busy lately! Haha what's up? There is more logic in humor than in anything else Batter up definitely makes me think of baseball. For some strange reason linking that to flying monkeys got me to frying. :) I'm usually not the hating kind but I really don't like him!! He don't sound good or look good!! Lol #sacscoc Student services were never more important, institutions must look at economic impact & how they are helping students to succeed. haha no worries i gotta meet pam anyway, we gotta catch up soon tho! see u in class you got that right...hell I doubt most in the office here would know what it stands for and they are "archaeologists"! Best way to pass time in a terminal: score study the classics. Thanks for the mention, ! Anyone know of extended work on Griffith Jones and the Welsh circulating schools? Only found couple tidbits... Haha aw thanks! I just might. :) what SD musicians, bands, DJs, concert venues do you LOVE? email me at . top answers to be published in our june music issue! The largest cell in the Today just isn't Tuesday, it could be a new day 4 u, take the win. aw yay! thank you so much :). I am so glad to hear that oh cool “Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca Guess whose back Have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :) oh my friend suggested quesedillas today.The conservative South Indian in me went for salads..il try next time for sure. He Wasnt Talking -.- bahahaha. Just made my day bro my new mixtape so hard #questionsihateanswering where do you wanna go to college? I HAVE NO IDEA YET sheesh i still got time i'm only a junior lmao 10 year buffalo reunion. oh you were doing single leg squats community committee is meeting tonight, percolatin'! Too cold for a milkshake today? That's okay, we have juicy, delicious burgers that will warm you right up! Open until 8 tonight! can somebody tweet me any good song to download for my ipod? We agree! /cc Omg I still can't get over how good Justin's body looked gah<3 For poised lips speak only words of kindness. Skins fans are excited! RT: “: Let the RG3 Era begin. #Redskins #RG3” Wish we could have those vent windows in cars ala 1960s. Si! You're right. "Country of birth." I totally forgot & stand corrected. best of luck evannah !!!!! trust me economics is a bummer for me too. so cute...and probably all dying today Remember life without navigation.... what a treat for them! Do the students help to plan the event? U are funny Nap achieved!! Gaw, I feel so much better. Intensity vs volume. Avengers was a blast. Here's my ranking of the Big 4- Ironman, Thor, Hulk, Captain America. All 4 are awesome, though. Crrapp running late!!! This bus right now< May I interest you in some Goggles? Who knew? RT #DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c. 1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune. Congrats at achieving your Kickstarter goal! Currently looking for staffing professionals in Manhattan! A/F Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan IT Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan Sales … thanks! We should be recording a new episode this week. To post your sessions, PM me your email address and will set you up. stayed up till midnight doing homework i could care less if im in pjammas and its supposed to be 70 degrees today Knee-deep in SPSS for a custom report on a client's student services. It's been a long time since I did a survey project. #OTH break over and back to studying! Goodnight handsomes (: I love y'all very much!!(: Wow! you got to do the real fire test. When I took extinguisher classes, it was via virtual reality. baby I will.keep dming Bella till.she follows you <3 please follow me. *puppy dog face* "Now you just somebody that I use to know" Good Luck on your finals DONT SUCK!!! random search engine term referrer to Musematic: "perian pizza." Eh? well almost happened ...bout as close as its gonna get It's 11/10 & X-mas Frenzy 2011 has begun. Let the capitalistic orgy of unfettered excess begin!...I effing hate this shit. #BahHumbug!!! thanks for the retweet! Nike+ #FuelBand too bad this thing doesn't count key strokes towards my next milestone! Ur wrong detroits got it in the bag That just ruined my ears for life. Don't be in denial Innovative ways to slash ED overuse - American Medical News elbows to the head << thought that just went through my head "do you think about me at all? do you even know I exist? I hope so, but I don't know" everyone is pissed off at me :l god damn not a shops day at all. just wanna crawl in a hole and die. Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to boost your peak sports performance with 10 drops of an energetic elixir in an glass of water. Where's the girl of my dreams?!?! I need her now!! :) Yes it is. I love these! (I'm on second row, far left) Want to see Gio and the take on the Reds this afternoon, check out MLB.tv for the game of the day. Follow I will fb Dislike fri 13th first get locked out my apratment then get stuck behind someone going 30mph on the interstate and was late for work Dad put on our flee & tick medication on & now we not only can't sleep in bed tonight!! Now Our hair looks very silly & smell yummy :-( Thinking about this one person <<<<< Cool bros building cool stuff. Does it get better? Nope. Great, especially since the sun decided to come out :) The best education in the world for your future is to be a super hot girl. I dunno. Trying to figure that out now. You? wait I'm following u boo Bravo to 4 sharing w/ us some of the mean things people have tweeted about him during other keynotes. We're not worried. Are you happy with the winner? Let's golf this week! Thanks for the note. That is awesome! Its such a smart way to get those sales up Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Finley Peter Dunne Animals & children under 6 are innocent. That is why most of them can see and hear spirits. don't tell us people are using the old "high motor" analogy?!? yess.): and right across from the mall!! aren't long distance relationships hard? Haha. Especially that much distance apart. It's like across the country.... Cleats to the head...somebody better get dumped you have to protect your keeper I've said the same thing! “: Why does everyone always have amazing sales the day before payday? That makes NO SENSE. Sweet, thanks for the support! <3 I'm guessing you're not watching the Grammys... is it really u on ur icon ? Maddox on his way in from the bullpen, two outs, two men on for Boris Diaw has had 11+ rebs in both gms this yr. He only achieved that 3 times all of last season. Happy New Year to all of you. Make 2012 count, be true to your self and follow your dreams. Goodbye cookies, M&Ms, Nutella, dark chocolate almonds, froyo, cupcakes and cakeballs. You've been so good to me. Book explores importance of Berkeley painter David Park Fabulous Design Tip: Cut a couple of tree or shrub branches and place them in a vase. Enjoy the simple beauty of the branches. You've got that right. Heavy fog to start the day...a new confirmed case of the H1N1 virus in Columbus...and a massive fire out west...all in the headlines today. Silence....Deciding what to put on! RT : iPod is on shuffle...some rock, some folk, some 80s and 90s. How 'bout you? Great meeting you! RT : great meeting you at #industrynight nice hearing what you had to say! RT: I wish he would do moves like Jagger off a fucking cliff. oh i know! crazy corporate lingo. we should be proactive and change the paradigm :) Awesome!! Enjoy!!! Take lots of pix!! Only one way to find out. ;-) Happy Easter! Storns roar through region, triggering tornado sirens and delivering rain, hail - Worthington Daily Globe NO WAY! So is Justin McShea (well, he got a MLS) and John Carey (did you know him?) “: “: It would be pretty awesome to be a Wal-Mart greeter when I grow up.” #Caleb” AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Everyone else in the room can see it. Everyone else but you. Excited to hand the cut over to our scorist. 11 days, 1 test screening, and a run-through with the crew until we finish the composer's cut. "The poems linger on scenes of profound violence and inhumanity, reporting heavy truths of war, massacre, and disaster."... got to be one there we can serve at when we fire up "east" yeah it was mind blowing! Also, there's a Chipotle 10 min walking distance from our apt :-) Good luck making the team next year lawson your garbage Would like to thank everyone for making Irie's 5 de Mayo Salsa party the best one in town! Kudos! I expect a full report on Marco's. Without Jesus I suck t-shirts are the best<3 New #evernote on web simply #sux #fail Slow beyond belief / usability. Sad, really Had a great weekend in NYC. Back in LA ready to rock the far bar tonight. Bring a friend. Well worth the trip ima tell quicktrip I demand the pineapple owls!!! oh ok VIDEO: Fish farming in a high-rise world Who else is going to Sales in the Cloud @ 1:30? Show of hands! Ok now I'm tired AND hungry! Lack of sleep causes food cravings. Arghh..What's for breakfast? didn't know yhat was possible. It's like saying 30 Rock needs more sarcasm. Or Saying Jay Leno needs more cars. I fully intend on having a bulldog named Loki. It was good. Latinos like to party! ;) If there's a damned Easter Egg hunt on my rooftop that prevents me from playing whiffle ball, I'm moving out of Park Slope Fuckin fire alarm<U+E059> I really love SUPERNANNY. Though not quite in the way you love SUPERNANNY. - Brian, appreciate your work. You know this. You going to seek out Minnefield? Gee which Guy Harvey should I wear today want to set a date for Thursday? you better :'/ Polica at the Pabst Pub sounding awesome. Awe-some. Brady's pissed! Look the F out! Weeks is lost at the plate. .171 from the lead off spot is killing the crew. Just made chocolate blueberry protein pancakes for #breakfast. Amazing!! thank god lol my texting is off, so keep n touch online. Great week at the salon, now it is time to kick back and relax! Someone give me a shout out I'll give one back.... <U+FFFD> But it<U+FFFD>s wishful thinking to believe that others on the <U+FFFD>me too<U+FFFD> bandwagon will survive Day 2 in Oakland! Congrats to the outstanding women of on all of the Greek Excellence awards! Proud to be an #AXO! you are honestly so sweet! Thank you for loving me!! I love you WAY MORE than you know!! (: Life isn't a dress rehearsal so love life and live it to the fullest. Quite rainy evening at home. always entertaining to hear the library's #highlights from #admission ambassadors. you do that!!!! go you!........im gonna go wash hair in a salon this summer lol #Fact RT : Same thing w pop stations. Should be playing MJ, prince, Madonna, Whitney etc in rotation. Not just when they pass away. Off 2 work I go... I don't really like the word 'spro', but damn if it isn't more convenient to type than 'espresso'. Gonna come up with my own word for it. PD includes ongoing convos after the PD is over. Building new schema reqs developing new habits (unlearning-relearning). LOL I wish Vince would quit stepping on his dick every 5 seconds b/c he's my fave Crue RT maybe Vince Neil will show again #ThingsIwantTheMost money for warped. yep. Why is my final soo early in the morning am Im just now going to bed! <U+0001F612><U+0001F4A4> I won!!! First place in Bo Kata at The Disney Martial Arts Festival:D well I'll see if I don't have to work and I'll go Online Retailers Home In on a New Demographic: The Drunken Consumer Going out on a limb here... good looks... wish this was something better. for free? you guys stoked to hear some new tunes?! looking more #tan than #chilly on this rainy April am. Welcome back to #FirstEdition-when we get our #sun next Glad you liked The 1st #diversityInTech regional meetup at , thanks for coming out! Trying not to be annoyed by pro-gay rights GOPers either equivocating their support of POTUS's words or outright attacking his statement. ate at red lobster today... yum yum. and my li'l baby is 2 already as of today, i can't believe it!! that is an adorable picture. Enjoy the first Halloween with your son. You know? Sometimes me conscience kinda bothers me... But not this time. ~ Bugs Bunny now your saying that he shouldn't be the leader I don't get you if lebron is the leader why Chalmers was the top performer #Darban's on 5th and Cedar is one of the absolute best #restaurants in #SanDiego! Seriously awesome. Yo I'm in NYC txt me I lost all my numbers 29 points and 13 assists for Parker All 439 of those will be on Facebook tomorrow talking about their moral victory. That awkward moment when you do something creative - like draw or write a song - And then realize it sucks. yes they will! I'm excited! Seeing a spider in my sandwich isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when i realize i've already eaten half of the sandwich. #sogross! ALL NEW STUFF UP :D Alice, I hope everyone starts singing, "I saw the Light". #twitterconfession : the beard is getting shaved. longest iv been without shaving..i like it, but just not ready for it yet haha that is powerful. time to crush live poker with that thing Rockin' my #convert2revert shirt today! What are you rockin' out?! thanks I can't wait to see you and bump tonight! Glad I'm not the only one! Losing something and looking in all the same places 10 times because you don't know where else to look Bout ta hit this tattoo shop Oh--sounds fun wld love to visit LP. When were you thinking? Sept/Oct crazy busy. Everyone in this world is somehow connected. So why not just be nice to everybody. Richard Simmons Come see That's So Raven's dad and other comedians on Friday at 6 in Johnston Hall. Tix available now in JH105. "Good directors don't close their minds. It's a business of exploration." Zuckerbrod on directors who say they don't watch TV or films Such a bad mood -_-!! And every collection developer born between 1973 and 1991 would automatically put it on her/his approval plan... #InCaseYouDidn'tKnow Jayz's Black album is a classic that is comparable to BP1 and Reasonable Doubt, don't leave it out the convo 4 his best thats why the insurance for it is more than the car lol it feels really long already that's funny, early days for MS. Mind you HP seem to heading in the same direction. Gustave Flaubert~ Stupidity consists in wanting to reach conclusions. We are a thread and we want to know the whole cloth. I love how Damn Beyonce is trending Bush scud in the tax cut portion woulda been a signal to base/lefties. Rolos are little chocolate poos of joy STOP YOU'RE NOT GAY. She's callin' my name rt about now too! Down a taco for me! RT : GLORIA Thanks for following! The whale sounds in Boyfriend are really cracking me up! XD todAy the kid behind me was lik u got issues i said yeah&me&my friend were likOHYEAH rly loud thn our teacher yelled. YAHOKAYITS OURFAULT Watching jumping the broom Mike Is a foo! Telling your wife that the dress shes wearing does make her look fat okay , im thinking about what to tweet ? 0.o Oh, really? Haha same here Project Pure #Soccer Clinic tonight and every other Friday @ 6PM. Open to everyone. Register your child at www.puresportsgroup.com ohh... my dad liked you... They knew about you. haha! Hey, wanna add a pic and use your new 'brand', Pancakes and Postcards, instead of your full name? Wtf I hate traffic haha that is awesome! Really gets the point across. Um... is following me? o.O I'm gay, despise Gov. Bentley, and am completely against Alabama's new immigration law. Aristotle and Hippias say that [Thales] gave unliving things a share of soul, conjecturing this on the grounds of the magnet and amber- DKA1 haha that's an understatement. I was front row too which made it even more insane. The speed of his hands were incredible I am glad tomorrow is Friday. It has been a long 4 day work week. I just realized that I will miss game 1 of Pacers/ Miami series due to graduation ceremonies. Not to happy about it either. Going to the family bbq- will need $ for therapy afterwards! (Haha kidding) Huh, who knew 3 members of the Decemberist would be playing Well, I know everyone will hate me for saying this, but I think the book Thornton is creepy. Obsessed :-D awe thank you so much! You're to kind! #LetsGoPens :) help get to 12000 followers by his 12000th tweet. Only 11055 to need to follow,in the next 3 tweets. please, you're so beautiful. I love you so much. You're perfect skiwsdjfuidjfru this video perfect holy jesus S/O to my followers still up I smell Wide awake just lying in bed :( boo! once you're 65 you'll get to be a senior again, no worries I am so ready to start this week i can't wait to get outta that school I want to go home. Welcome to #C&W Say hi to Angie in your office for me! This song takes me back :') Wow what a horrible miss Celtics got lucky Haha RT: If I was Samuel L. Jackson, and bored one day, I'd roam the streets yelling lines from Pulp Fiction at everybody drink. drank. drunk. Something made greater by ourselves and in turn that makes us greater. Maya Angelou The wind is like the air, only pushier. damn girl.. did you really just go there? SikanderN Spot on, always happens to me #probablycuzwereasians And I'm getting PS3 tomoz! :D Pretty excited but no fucking game to play :L In bed right now, rolling around, thinking dirty thoughts and wishing i was high CRAN is really showing off its flexibility with the new 'yoga' package... I didn't even know #R could bend like that. Join us for a Benefit Concert for #Chardon, this Saturday 3pm-midnight--featuring 8 bands including the Band! BrewPALOOZA!!! just summon the power of The Fonz. Aaayyyyyy.... glad to see someone hates as much as I do. I am not sure what type that is. What color paint? im sure the frey have no idea why they r singing this or why they r even their he is!!!! That dude tossed a fridge around with ease. You got a cool dude there, miss Wik. Looking forward to seeing your tweets. Let us know if there is anything we can RT for you. Thank you both for staying with us & congrats! Hope to see you for a future anniversary vacation! i miss you too :) what're you doing Saturday?! Few things on Twitter are funnier than Anthony DiComo's exclamation-point mockery of the Mets' official feed. I'm back holler at me.... Yep, that is to warm for my taste, love temps in the 70"s Happy nurses day to all my fellow nurses Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds. I just slept for so many hours. Made Monster Cookies with the little man. Yummiest combo ever of choc chips, m&m's, peanut butter and oatmeal...m...delish! just realized there is only a month of the semester left. this is both good and bad. Don't think the Mavs want it bad enough SEO jobs are the bottom of the technology barrel. They are low-profit, commodity jobs. No innovation. #ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I, Ratchet' Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you! #sandiego #sd #detail #auto :) More time on your hands you see ;-)x because of conformation , it sucked tho lol I will come soon, I promise! What Dylan just said >>> It's cold in South Florida. I don't own winter clothes. Left them in MN years ago! Temp in the 30s & 40s....that's freezing for us! I just joined , so it's hard 2 tell yet. But I think it's super helpful for freelancers wanting to learn the field. hell yea happy to help Pops 1954- The U.S. Air Force Academy was established at Colorado Springs. I think your tweets are great. It was just like being there. also . . . hello again! Happy holidays Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine? The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!, Spring is the season of optimism. I hate talking about it , but it's better that I do . you could put pieces of the tape upside down on the table so when the cat jumps up there it gets tape stuck on its paws I want ice cream!! Haha I just made peanut butter cookies. Trade off? :D It was good to see you! :) RT : Great meeting at this morning! Tons of kids enjoying the facility today! I need to stop getting sick! Blah! Did you know on February 3 1870, The 15th Amendment was passed, granting blacks the right to vote? no I do not know what it stands for He really needs to learn there's a time to be funny, and there's a time to be serious. I hope drake is there... This is your best * love you! Well aren't we just two spoons of grumpy in a bowl full of bitchy this morning.. #ThisSummerImTryna be fit y'all Uh oh ,seems to be a technical malfunction? Always warn the poor soul at the bottom of the column... Happy #CincodeMayo, #Vegas! Prediction: The iPad3 will be long, thin, and worn around your neck like a slap bracelet. not sure #Bigsister's problem is as much with memory as with eyesight. See no evil... You know, that sort of thing. say "I won a math debate" really fast LMFAO!! THOSE PARENTS THAT STRAPPED THEIR KIDS TO THE ROOF OF THE CAR WERE RESIDENTS OF ALLEN COUNTY JUST LIKE THE WITZIGREUTERs. <U+0001F633> I've been on wordpress very often. Oh boy. I guess I like writing more than 140 letters.Tingly fingers...carpal tunnel. will begin 11/19, 9 to12, at City Center. Parking in their garage, Rangeline at City Center Dr. R E T W E E T IF YOU THINK 's WHITE SLIPPERS ARE SWAAG<3 Orlando Hudson is leading the league in triples with 4. Cameron Maybin is right behind with 3! Going to Europe next month it looks like... Wow. My daughter is such a beautiful little miracle. ive never been so in love. :) Best part of that game was 's tweets! Watching deathly hallows part 2 again. Voldemort:AKDHAKDFHDKADABRA! Also starring as neville longbottom..accidental rapist. #LittleThingsThatMakeMeMad seeing upside down crosses all over tumblr. What's the fascination with wearing high socks with sandals? dane cook<3 You are seriously, ridiculously hilarious. Gotta come see you do stand-up in Portland soon. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus! YES!!!! that is BAD ASS. get this girl some party burritos! And both sides try to take the moral high ground from a self-righteous perspective, through distortion of belief and redefinition That's great :) Wish you could @ reply us back, though ;-) oh please If you dnt like Selena then why can you only like Justin if your Gunn like one of them them y not both...luv ya Selena and bieber 25 days till I am 40 weeks. So really anytime between then and now! I'll never understand why anyone would CHOOSE to vote Republican or join them. is he okay.? YOU GUYS. Sherlock is back on Masterpiece Theater this Sunday. Cumberbatch + Freeman, FTW! where did u send it? if this is real blood and you really did cut yourself I'm sorry but that's not cute Graduation from Georgetown Journalism School today! #happybirthdayAndrew should be trending instead of #happybirthdayjustin >.> Ew. Maths test results tomorrow - Welcome to the consensus hub Thnx for following! And you'll slur the words "please babe be mine" so cute. While I'm hopeful that this is the truth. follow back <U+2665> Carrier Mausoleums Construction Expands Focus on Glass Front Niches by Expanding Senior Management Team Blah fuck school! follow please! Xo Our First Show Back In Our Hometown Of MKE In Over 6 Months Is Saturday March 19th @ Smokin' Joe's on 61st & Beloit.Make Sure To Come See Us We do best when our message, our tactics, and our values line up. Our whole point is love & respect - double down on that. yeah dude crutches suck...that's why I prefer a wheelchair at school! if not that, a scrolling marquee in all caps? Why so elusive? Is there a book in the works? First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground Sharon Needles Fo sho!!!! Drag is all about fierce uniqueness! I love.you so much please follow me IM a big fan of you and kian Confessions of a shopaholic = really cute movie! I wish I could be so frivolous with my money....jealousy....grrrr...green scarf.... Four years ago today you gave up your ghost, Johnny, and the world's less jovial or it. Miss you brother. JHH 1981-2008. #PalePeopleProblems When you stand infront of white walls, you can't be seen. Want to drown sorrows in live music other than Nickelback, #Pittsburgh ? Mon, Squeeze & English Beat Thu, Sat check out the chowder house down by the main pier. Will also be a favorite. "QUIT YELLING AT ME ASSHOLE!" ~ Siri to Samuel L. Jackson on that iPhone 4S commercial. A day off & my pool is open!!! Party at my place!!! Every time I eat a #DoritosLocosTacos I'm amazed. My new addiction. well if that's the case, check us into rehab There is something so gratifying about hearing a Bostonian say, "Trishah, do you have any quahtuhs?" Happy Birthday to you...I wish you many more, dear friend. nice good stuff You guys make me laugh... love ya'll. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. it was FOR THE FIRST TIME. lol i went through so much trouble looking for it BIG bang just now! Cable's still on. Date with #RogerSterling and #DonDraper is still on...for now. that's crazy! ;-) I gotta, like, do work. I'll bug you later. Take a nap at some point, please. The Austin #SXSW ECO Startup Showcase starts in one hour. 5-7pm at Lanai, 422 Congress You ma'am have done an incredible job training the AI contestants and your very talented daughter. She is a I just got my Chinle Ice Nine portfolio kit (Entrada bright) today!! I did go to ochsa! :) GM Chicago So pleased our leaders came together, across party lines, to avert economic catastrophe on THE key issue: the NFL lockout "My mom wants me to have friends over" - "My mom wants me to have friends.." - it was all over the Internet I'm Just I know exactly how you feel! And you're welcome. RT : Love that post-haircut feeling. Thanks ! i am This Saturday meet us out at Cars & Coffee Las Vegas on Eastern and Richmar in Green Valley to unveil the all new 3 series sedan! hey what's up! Thanks for the follow back. How are you doing? Gonna go hoop at Mu Rec center for the first time in between classes "The greatest value in life is NOT what we get, the greatest value is what we become" ~ The Legendary Jim Rohn Hey new followers! How are you all today? Be sure to follow my personal twitter as well! Lesson learned, No one likes a liar... They only like good liars. Can I just leave my face at home... Or no. Lately life has been a blur. Wonder what power 96 was like 10 years ago.must of been better Told you 2-1! Told you to change the bet bruv Sigh of relief as Brewers see ticket sales rebound. Would have been nice to be oblivious to this whole thing. RT Prototype to revenue stream: Reynolds Fellow starts multiple social journalism sites based on fellowship project ow.ly/62YiH The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey. I am so jealous of that dinner! Looks like has made something delicious...AGAIN! It's really THAT fucking annoying Doing my Uri Geller impression..bending spoons for a Black and Tan party tomorrow Down to 2700 bc people play fabulous Ppl say I'm sneaky.....but it's just that I can do watever I want bcuz ppl would never expect it to me ;) you love Justin Bieber?unbelievable! when can we expect causus returns to start coming in tonight? Back @ Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg tomorrow night @ 6pm. Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on piano & trumpet. Good people, great food & live music!! Creepiest thing I think is those books that you can record a voice on. That straight creeps me out!! My grandma had bought two of them :/ The iPad retina display is like looking at a Chuck Close painting. I guess his work really isn't that pretty. Listening to the chopped n screwed version of A$AP Rocky's mixtape It'll be interesting to see who fills the message board vacuum, the forums were an extremely important information source for all if you guys start reenacting it, please film it haha Played the 'lost & confused foreigner' card on the airport express. I owe you 25c milwaukee county transit system. “If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?” i need some sick high-tops for 8th grade. im surfing the pastry website. I want a room made out of whiteboards so I can draw my ideas everywhere #randomtweet :) Congrads Bri ! Im going 2 miss you !! But I plan on being with you at Grambling : ) My cat loves opening the door. Ok. Did I say you could come in? "Canadians Say New $20 Bill Is Pornographic" #huffpost The Queen isn't wearing a maple leaf! Tuesday is the release date... Heading home.... you can run but you can't hide boy. No, thank YOU! Come back again soon! #stm2012 poor quality of archival content is a big problem for researchers & this content is needed for today's researcg Let's Rock Come down to Petco Park today and check out our booth we have our FIT Line! at Petco till 4pm today and 8am to 1pm tomorrow! Happy, happy 15th birthday to princeton from omg I love you so much! Have a WONDERFUL bday with you friends and family xo Is Don Draper gonna have to choke a bitch? Join us for a free public program this Sunday, 3 pm with local artist on "Walter De Maria: Trilogies" There should be a trophy for worst tweet of the day. Football, basketball, and the Olympic sports all have their problems with banned substances. Jim Sensenbrenner good to meet u too sista. Have a good one and keep in touch Running on two hours of sleep today. How do people do this? Needed: suggestions, encouragement, humor. yes! “: practice? Practice? We're talking about practice here lmao” i remember that ... that was crazyy but i loved the view :) Feel your pain. I live in Joplin and I still haven't seen them in concert before! What is your favorite coffee spot? Probably waiting for the Facebook IPO on Friday so it can slip through the news cycle. but it's funny how people talk about Teresa and a year after everything, she is successful and built a mini empire.. makes me think.. Half these ppl on my TL kno damn well they don't kick it wit TUPAC shit yall was 5 years old when that nigha died but that's your fav rapper Apple Newsstand Drives 268% Increase in Digital Subscriptions at Conde Nast Happy Wednesday! The floor is packed with furniture, come see us! Plenty of items have been reduced! Happy No-Rooz! We would love to get involved with some of the work you do Ryan! We are a Metro Detroit Area teen webshow run by teens! :) If I changed the world for you, I bet you wouldn't have a clue. face your manga for the avatar. only preseason games won at Bruce's You know...the way to my heart is through my stomach [; hahah ! ugh ok that's wassup lol - I think that was probably exactly what my first tweet said :) Open to 25x, so I flat obv and he shoves 60x on the k92 flop and I snap Time for spring football, this guy has 5 games to ref. First up...(gulp) two women's games. An intense group of individuals. When you ask #God for an answer, let him answer. He doesn't need our counsel to give it. He is God alone. #livistithbooks, #Jesus, Playing I spy with via FaceTime made my night. I'm dreaming heavy tonight about payout music "I hear & I forget. I see & I remember. I test 'em & make bank." -- From Pearson's Book of Zen say to them "I SAID GOOD MORNING"... See how they react then. lol Fuck Amazing game BULLS win!!!!!!!!!! RT ": Some men hate women but act just like em'."<< look inside self Out to watch The Avengers with my & <3 thanks mike! I have an LCD, and just bought an LED and I can't decide which I like better. Deciding which to keep upstairs. How proud you are of them 1 direction omg can't wait till 6/30/12 their coming to Orlando!!!!!! who you got in the 6th at belmont 2. Paradox = a statement or proposition that leads to a conclusion that seems senseless thank u! #69Factsaboutme 63. I hate country music. haha yeah and tupac's gonna play mr. freeze yeah, we have over 800 peeps though....took me awhile, think i missed people, shoulda done several lists, probably have to go back Consider my bubble busted :( This looks great, thank you so much for sharing. you got it.I'm basically grounded they aren't calling it that but that's what it is. LOL :D true that Need to find a massive amount of gummy bears... Proud to be a college student. I dont see the point of trying so hard if im getting nowhere:\ Christmas shopping. you guys watching the nazis? <U+0001F44F><U+0001F46E><U+0001F44F> Claritin D, why are you failing me? We've been so close for so many years and now you betray me. Super cool... thanks for sharing even more! Be careful out there! If you're looking for tires. we can hook you up! Come in and see us or give us a call. Unity of Drums is not about perfection, it's about expression! Look forward to the video! New Bobby Broom Trio CD, "Upper West Side Story", mixing done! dummy your lucky it didn't bust all over the freezer <U+0001F620> I miss you to I heard your having a <U+0001F680> out there <U+0001F61C> If the Ravens go after Mike Wallace and get him....look out We are located in San Jose and serve most of the South yeah. Got passes to a screening through work. Awesome!!! I finally figured out how to look at Magic Eye pictures! guys! i was trying to be nice! now look what you've done. Don't miss out on wednesdays one day special $20 for 30 minute massage. Call today 503 449 5164 ...embrace that shit when you find it. What other option do you really have? Agreed...bacon can do no wrong! well he WAS 28 at one point but now he IS 34..(: Haha that's 2 years younger than my mom . Freaky much? But I still love him. Value of Purchasing E-book Collections: "books are an underperforming assets." at least in one analysis. Youre gonna need a few extra vitamin waters then aren't u.. and by a few, I mean cases hahah Everybody But Me :( Another day at home alone. What a wonderful weekend.....NOT!!! Mutinous lunatics <Belinda Jackson> #gameonindeed RT : Oh you are so going down in trivia. great presentation on social media student strategy, love advocates of all the power that being social brings! Hey Austin is your ustream on 6 eastern ? JW Plz tweet me back If only, if only.... Honestly I could go to bed for the night right now! <U+0001F4A4> oh! What color? :D hahah doesn't sound very delicious but I'll take your word for it:) I love having signal when others don't Don't sweat it! Thank you for everything you've done! I appreciate it all! I've been good & I hope you have been too! Good looking RT : Done. Hey hey!! I'm good! Grindin' n jukin'! No #fail in #2012!!! sshe has like a crazy thing 4 yo 3!!! its kinda funny! :) I Talk Money All Da Time, Yea Dat Money On Ma Mind you just can't beat M&S pants for comfort. nah, he hasn't worked there for a while. I always had luck sitting at the bar, though. So..its been three months..gained 7 lbs.. I wonder if thts a steady enough pace to gain.. jealousy of ones past eliminates possible future... RT : I honestly hope he never sees you another day of his life. Glad the #iPhone is finally with #verizon! Mikey in that hat tho... APNewsBreak: GOP Sen. candidate Mark Neumann's solar companies got $500K in federal stimulus grants, more than first reported Thursday Best of luck to on delivering her persuasive speech! Rock it! #DontTextMeTalkingAbout your life problems because 99% of the time I wont give a shit. hahaha...No problem dude! Happy Birthday! ~Jer #vma what the fuck was you thinking fucking up a great song you just lost kool points. But I'm still going to but your CD lol. <=== don't fuck wit me on twitter nomo doe RT : *Shanks chip at practice green* *Looks around to make sure no one saw it* Need Bears updates thanx for the follow also im working on getting a band together & need a singer. I was thinking your style would be perfect :) I'm buying my mommy fruit flowers for mothers day! she might get lucky and even get a card Eric Mangini is out? OK by me ... We need 4 hugs/day for survival; 8 hugs/day for maintenance; 12 hugs/day for growth. - Virginia Satir #IThankGod for creating the most talented and inspiring person I fangirl over :) I'm gonna be an actress now best fuckin dinner of all time.... Think u can top it?? Bitch shut up :) u back in nc? Maybe Swisher needs to come out to Vegas! Knicks?! Come on man Shut your whore mouth. Craving a veggie burger from Evolution Fast Food, on my way home to SD! How do the Marlins lose 7 of 8 but now win 6 in a row? Just keep it up Fishies. I guess I should get up and shower now. Harder this week... spring break & the plans canceled, so we're all feeling "stuck" at home. Boo. TY! RT : #WWW (Wishing Well Wednesday!) , , Nothing better than a phone call from a friend you've been missing! oh no he's not! The fact is I'm awesome and you know it. If you don't, you fucked up. Good Morning everyone!! It's Monday, and at SPI we're ready for an exciting work week! You ever fart so badly that the rancid odor actually wakes you up from a dead sleep? Yeah. The dogs won't even look at me now. March 28th and none of the furs are in storage yet. Gah! Thank you. I'm active now! Congrats to all the graduates today! Don't expect to GET more if you don't GIVE more. Thanks for your feedback, fellow tweeters. We just bought a #Flip! “The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” <U+2015> Bob Marley haha excellent yes CMT has some quality programming, country lovin that is such a good idea! that is so wrong, but it's living on the edge. Bummer. I hope you had a good day at the very least. Seeing ' reports of rioting in Lexington. Trying to remember just how hot it was in August. my favorite part of was definitely Boy's facial expressions in the ending thriller sequence, though! You think you're cute with that lie you just implied.. Get out of here I just realized I never saw #TheHangover2. Well, I did, but it was called The Hangover 1. No Shave November: To be or not to be? That is the question. Wow, What a Sidewalk SALE - 2 for $3 Readers Copies & so Much More! Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours. This is HILARIOUS. So funny, in fact, that I think I'll print it and take it to my red headed BFF who I am about to meet up with! She can't even talk to me because we both know... • Hm. A save is actually a little MORE complex than I realized. Despite best efforts from , I will NEVER warm up to Bieber. I love my rock, blues, and alternative. Ain't never gonna change. Thanks for the RT! We love sharing the old photos and celebrating our YaY Brewers! Can't wait to get home in 9 days..they dont have FSN here! Yum #foodiechat RT : Would love to try it! RT : Our famous el topo w/ mozzarella, salmon, jalopeno-delish! “ Waiting for the new dog and trying to see what happen we have a HUGE contingent of fitness competitors, pro athletes, and health care professionals in the group. Shooting with Ms. Peach State today so beautiful!!! CJ goth hammered. No call. yow was cooling with teamloud Awesome work in Knockdown, jerking them around, 'printing her arm - the whole ep was great! can you please give me a shoutout i am new to twitter and need mroe followers please and thank you Drug use may adversely affect a good individual’s oral health Reliable Products. Incredible Support. Dealer Marketing. That's us in a nutshell. Visit www.SSandSi.com I want to move to California <3 With the matey it a full moon tonight? LMAO!!!!!! check out the newest sports website www.arhenetwork.com ALways looking for the next gadget Encore Health Resources Names Joe Boyd Its New Chairman HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Encore Health Resour PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper? Sounds like ultimate win. Yum animal cookies in peanut butter. Today's workout was hard! sprinted high for almost 30 minutes.did dips & pull-ups...training hard & keepin' on 'My Journey' xo;) Almost 1:30 and I'm still awake. This is so unlike me. So many perfect people on Tumblr and Twitter and I'm just like ._. #spjmadisontraining What do you disagree with in what we are saying? GO TO GRASS MACK! It is GAME TIME. After 8 months of not texting each other....I DID NOT expect that message from you O.O 60% of the pollution created by automobile emissions happens in the first few minutes of operation, before pollution control devices can... completed her food and exercise diary for 04/19/2012 The all night tattoo party...last person in the chair now. I dont drink coffee, but I may need some We had a ball with you guys! Thanks for playing with us! I'm glad is ballin' out and comin' with it in the playoffs #PayJaVale !! Got Tiger Platinum!! Bummed I missed you! :( I wish I could cuddle wit my baby End your week right, visit Pop Stop for a great treat! Make sure you're drinking enough water and getting rest. I get the worst headaches when I don't. delayed? will it be rescheduled? I'd like a day game this week! Live in the 'Burgh and miss my boys. Always ask for total compensation of employees. This includes benefits such as overtime pay. e specialize in the Fire & Water restoration service, as well as complete construction and roofing. Baby I don't Care .Ijeun Ijeullae .Oh Boy I Really Hate You it's mild Mexican and healthier but I don't like the food! high rollin at taco bell man...i dont spend more than 5 (Meanwhile, the crowd is full of parents and teachers wearing bright T-shirts waving signs telling the board to keep schools open) and Shalom to you too Gary! i know i even asked a question.lmao. is it snowing where you are? Has there ever been a non-lesbian Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show judge ( or at least have a non-lesbian hair cut)? : Congrats to Brad and Candice on their new addition!! think of me as a trashy Ke$ha! Ugh Pappa Rhodes just made look bad......ugh I dont care he's still beautiful!! I mean, why wouldn't he still be? he said he didn't see my avenue, which is crazy. I've officially heard and seen it all now from NYC cab drivers! Congratulations to Nicole Haggard, who passed her oral exam with distinction! RT: if a girl has ever hit on u for ur nice legs happened to me & i dont go that way ewwwww the masters of convention count on you to never change but the law of reinvention knows nothing stays the same So I can't make it to MCC and you send someone to take out ? Is this a threat to me? follow back?[:: We'll be back in the studio for more guitar tracking tomorrow! We'll keep you posted with some photo/video shortly. Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself, and a little less time trying to impress people. it's always that kind of party My revenge for Mondays? Start weekends on Thursdays... :) I'm from Cincinnati. Why? Your bringing sexy back ; ) line it all up and ask yourself "what can I prove with this?" Send me an outline, if you want My first born turns 12 today, thank you god for such an amazing gift. Happy Bday Baby, Daddy is so proud of u!! Once you've been involved in my life, you leave a fingerprint. And sorry, sweetheart, but these fingerprints don't erase. Newt Gingrich's concession speech is going to last three days. step ups, squat jumps and lunge jumps :) I couldn't afford it just yet, and I want to enjoy my freedom first! I have decided that I am replacing the word "Probably" with "prolly" from now on... ;] it was great actually got like 3 hrs of peace in my house Andrew Breitbart left us before I had a chance to meet him. Sometimes the good die young. annoying people , annoying conversation , annoying valentines day(A) I know! All of you guys are SUPER nice. And I think I'm the only hooligan at my school. Well, my friend is becoming one. :D Have you told your friends about #jlpvip? Please share the news today! Glad to see at least one Alpha feels this way RT : The ladies of are #1 in my book.. ": makin #Bacon this week have several fresh bellys" Making bacon is on my todo list! Sounds amazing! On this date in local history, Jamestown native Lucille Ball passed away in 1969. We will always love Lucy! Royksopp, particularly the song "In Space" . Brother Ali, jr and ph7, and dnb is always fun. Wen u go into the bathroom and everyone looks at you Cheergirl<333 i'm probably not gonna get any numbers. lol Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forgo an advantage. David Tebaldi is always --civil discourse is humanistic discourse. It was great to see check in last week! my <3 belongs to one one girl :) Top recs: Artemis Fowl, Origami Yoda, Howl's Moving Castle. i was home earlier last week..u was no where to be found why is this happening, I don't care I will sit here forever waiting for your answer, just please please let it be a good one… they determined it was your fault? that was a great game, but don't forget about UW and UC tonight. Go huskies! Congratulations UNCC graduating seniors!! he kills everything on that mixtape. Dentistry of Del Mar offers Cerec Crowns in 24 hours, Digital X-Rays, Zoom Teeth Whitening & Invisalign! www.dentistryofdelmar.com a career of work critiquing patriarchy. The audience member said no one was saying that about women/ or writing positively abt women now... nice article Girl with dreams, aspirations, ambition > girl with a nice body.. Physical features will only last oh so long.. Really exciting! The Leon Jaworski public program will be broadcast live on today at 5pm EST. I imagine I'll be freaking out each time I see a new continent :) “: You can take the boy out of - but you can't take the superinhuman out of the boy” // Working on new things. :) Wow I gotta try the P90X. Anyone here ever tried it before? how are u doing?? Trying really really hard to stay positive Don't open any links my twitter sends you. That depressing moment when you relize you forgot your headphones in the morning ": Biden, citing Teddy Roosevelt quote: "I promise you, the president has a big stick. I promise you."" Beautiful day for the lilac festival #Roc !! Go out and take some pictures! LMN movies complete my life. - It sure does! I'm not too much your just not enough FINALLY! Leftovers are at a minimum, so bread is in the oven, steak is marinating, potatoes are peeled and in h2o. beans.... you're next! Coffee time!!!! Bounty shootout today at bike While I love using if my love ever goes away, I have no easy way to move my data out. Yes, I am a premium customer. It smells like shit on the bus, no, really like shit. I'm horny Bitches couldnt touch me wiff a Facebook poke. You're fine renting. How did you know you would need 3 tuxes in 6 mos? Besides you're "saving a bundle". Chicago was amazing ((: congratulations! We are following you closely and are so proud of you all! I agree! Styles and trends are constantly changing! you think? I really don't think so Woo! We're on the lookout for pics of #temporarytattoos ! RT : Yay! #happycoachella temporary tattoos are in hand I know you do Sunshine again!! I must go off my art making schedule and work in the garden! If it's moving there's a leak. A running toilet can waste 2 gallons a minute. Check by adding food coloring to the tank without flushing. what about make outs at fuzzys?? These guys are a DISGRACE!! Go after Obama, talk about Supreme Court Nominations, etc. not in my room and it's night haha :) I didn't realize Chuck had a web site! Love his work. (Input: possible to correct "Thelonious" & "Vaughan"?) :) Can't recommend enough. This combo sandwich (pulled pork + brisket) is just fantastic. And humungous. "capitalism" has no place in healthcare. My bro don't have his charger oh boy Rewrites....audio editing...and production development. Not doing shit in first and amber isnt here to keep me company! :( Right, people should know to queue in an orderly fashion to loot. I'm seeing Can a Social Web of Things Keep TV Cords Connected #sxsw Bluefin Labs has some interesting data marrying social to TV viewing Plan PURPOSEFULLY, prepare PRAYERFULLY, proceed POSITIVELY, pursue PERSISTENTLY!!! and i know that you can find the time. indulge me. your cherry lips linger on mine. x] “: Yu rite but damn his team ain't doin shit but gettin they ass beat an drug cross Da damn court!”lol I think addictive personalities are a real thing....see my running/Widespread Panic complex for a classic example. likewise bro. I'll ask him to send you some snippets of his beats. What's your email I'm fabulous ^-^ just Alittle sick :/ Celts are killing me right now Hell yeah! I'll call you after I'm finished with my meetings downtown. Should be finished after 5p. talk to me Pleasant surprise. A former employer called. There might be more work! C programming. Working on a website for a client, but really should be getting some rest.... Happy Monday to all my followers! Twitter hugs to all of you. May we all have a productive week! I'm mostly a bottom, but I DO love to top once in awhile. ch-ch-chilliiin.. Be more transparent and share more. ...And develop more relationship through SM that are authentic. What's yours? Semi-moist food is easy to store and does not need to be refrigerated. I know! I wonder when they'll start the Microsoft boycott (who also said they believe in equality). #SkillsOnAThugsResume The best spoon digger of 2012 out of jail LOL I don't know it, but bf's office is looking for more developers.. what do you do? same all soon as I log in on my computer I strait away go on his profile to see if he uploaded more tweets or pics I'm going into Kroger in my pajamas. Don't judge me. I feel like I mean nothing to you, prove me wrong. #Classic RT #SongsThatInstantlyMakeMyDayBetter Before I let go by Frankie Beverly The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise. Psalm 51:17 Ann... What do you think of images that I published... <U+2665> #Bluesanta delivering blue Santa just a little way to give back. Morris Brown College its follow friday maybe I could get a follow :) pretty please A special thank you to our 666th #follower Hope your not superstitious!! LOL Thank you for the #support :o) The U.S. tax code is one complicated mofo #ItsHardTo act like you don't exsist Wishing I had been smart enough to enter #DVPRreboot this Spring! Sounds like an amazing opportunity... Here's hoping for Fall '11! We had sushi last night too! We had salmon, tuna, and Kipp made spicy tuna roll, California roll, & spicy California roll! Backing my bags for a week long trip to Mitt Romney in Washington DC (500 8th St., NW) on Wednesday to raise money for campaign After a year of no new songs, we just put up a new song that has been sitting on the back burner for a while. I just finished recording... Cleaning the house!! So needed! Holy thunder batman. today we are featuring the music of "Black Tape For A Blue Girl" at the office I'm watching Get Him to the Greek right now. P Diddy steals the show. His dialogue is hysterical. Sucha small town not much to do How are all of you today? Consolidating student loans on a Friday night. Girl knows how to PARTY! Lolololol due to the state not being able to get our EOC scores in on time, our report cards will be delayed. Our state system is awfull. The Indiana Landmarks’ Volunteer Opportunities Open House has been rescheduled for Saturday, February 5th from 10:00am to 2:00pm. is such a fuck up lmao!:D #smcrva post pics from events & get ppl to tag themselves Some moments in life you can never be prepared for No. A natural born citizen is one who is born in one of the 50 US states. PS, Hawaii is a US state. where's it gunna be at? Made it to Naples through gator country--possibly missing an insane afterparty but sleep > hijinx. Cultureroom rocked like a scary ex-gf! Love that blue clutch! It IS All About The Accessories! #MM :)! she's an Awesome person :) & equally Awesome singer/songwriter! RT for a full week of all access members picks for a unbelievable price of 35$!! Regularly 139.95$ get the deal here Loved the little kid sitting in that upper kitchen cabinet in that Hyundai commercial. If you need some help finding a place in Boston, let us know! Good luck with your move! Lomboso, associated with Atavism, thought that some people are born criminals. Atavism is, therefore, a biological theory. Smosh videos \m/ Funny (: yeah, boxcar is a very smart workaround for the issue. i say give it a shot! Indeed. Uncle Phil won't be pleased if you show up in Eugene rockin' the three stripes. the hype is real, Brian. Tf I hate it when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back too sleep If I ever make the Jeep into a hot rod, I’ll start a blog called “Making it Deadly.” What else would a lowered roadster postal jeep be. Loved seeing on Magazine Street on Saturday...I may or may not have rolled down my window and excitedly said hi to him... Cleveland city boy, yes we the best, reppin till I die, got it tatted on my chest. Is Yves ok? Damm I have english tommorow its so boring we write an essay everyday hi baby;) Hey , your broken on the follower/followee lists. NY accents are in full force during the holidays. Pass the sawce will ya. Congratulations! RT : my daughter will be a freshman at in September. Staten island campus. We know!! The scaffolding on the garden side should be completely down by the end of the month! Being authentically yourself in the present moment means being able to accept being abandoned by your family and friends.... These niggas from across the street blowin some LOOUUUUDDDD and i dont even smoke..... What song are you currently obsessed with? Phones dead and won't charge -_- hit me up on twatter Tickets bought! The lil' man was adamant about it this morning. Looking forward to a great night out <3 WGOLF: Harvard moves up to 13th midway through the final day at NCAA Central Regional Do ya thang!! . Peter and Clybourne sittin' in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g. :-P Happy Mothers Day to all my friends! This is a little shady.. Ya know, I never get tired of hearing stories like that! We certainly cherish our place in this great community! Great Stuff! i followed u sorry to hear that sexy lady. Prayers 4 u and ur family Kurt Vile - Baby's Arms, Pavement - We Dance, Gayngs - The Walker. yeah, I live in NE Kansas and the tornados were Way south a bully is someone who hurts other people. you've bullied me plenty of times. yucky RT *ewww* >>> " there's a man in my building that steals girls' socks from bags in the trash room" Sunburnt and it's almost Prom-_- I can't wait to see you either!! “: #21212dd demo day looks good. would be digging this.” when is the event bro? I'm game for a journey ... I've not seen one. It'd be easy to find out though. Aw, jeez. Thank you! Now and I all owe you a drink! Which, actually, would be a hella fun happy hour. Bill Nye , #NASA Dep'y Admin here in #Seattle for the #NASAFuture Forum at first career HR for marwin gonzalez. Thank you - Hello - looking forward to working with you on a forthcoming translation project - best band in the country by far. That show was crazy good My point. Say what you want. Who cares. Don't be shocked when they say "stick to sports" After all, that's why they follow U. This is my favorite tweet of all time. Thanks Looking for a post New Years brunch? Del Rey has you covered! will be there @ 10am to serve your hangover! 25% off promo extended to october 15th! www.prosetsgolf.com. Amen! have a great time tomorrow! Loading up the van for tomorrow's tailgate in the Orange Lot at Commonwealth. Go Wildcats! So you mean to tell me that they're doing exactly what most scientists do & write the manuscript on the slide? Shocking. So FUCKING irritated!!!!! agreed. Awesome“: buddy pens Philly on, watch NHL playoff hockey. It's the best sport around. Watch once u will be hooked” Teaching my first solo instruction session today. Here goes nothing. Of course:) Its my job to make you sweat, not feel all warm and fuzzy;) Haha! It was 118, 139 and 211(shown on NFL Network) Creepin on Zach Porter hardcore. No regrets <U+270C> A weds night, not tired at all.....ooowwwwwwwwwwww The only reason I don't mind opening every Saturday is because I get off at 2pm hey how are u? :D Hehehehe.... remember that pitch.... hehehehe... 24 hour work days may be finally paying off!! Dear youtube, I'm here to listen to music or watch a video. If I wanted to watch commercials, I'd turn on my Tv. I think it's cute how when we first started twitter we were little baby eggs & now were non stop tweedets Mothers Day Sale Everything 20% off. Thursday 1PM to 6PM Friday - Saturday 10AM to 6PM We make mom feel special and pampered. I feel like that's essentially my twitter timeline today #questionsthatdontgetanswers do you have money? I just want everything to work out for the better. If #Barajas can hit a walk off--- i can pass calculus For those early birds brave enough to tune in, cheers! Carolyn and Rachel (filling in for Jackie) wish you a good morning You always in some beef nigga lol ok I'm good with that lol Caught the last 15 minutes tonight...CONGRATS! Just tweeted Catarah that yall got me goin out to get me some cupcakes right now! Thank you for following us! Is there any environmental reports you would like help with? Considering the hate for some gays here, you'd think they carried the plague. Dude, who gives a shit who you sleep with or love. MYB. salt lick. that is all. Its really scary....I refuse to pay more, and if you buy a game used you have to buy another online pass...why ??? Wanting Spring Break to hurry uuupppp and get here :) Thanks for the plug! Thanks for having us!! Kay. ^.^ Question for all of you..[: Choose: Batman or Superman? Really enjoying the trade deadline. Some great moves, specifically #jondaniels and She is super strong. So was I. But I was living with some silent "mama issues" and I had no idea my routines were make it worse! It's not silly at all! Congratulations! Saw In Time (better late than never) it is a really good movie that makes one think... How do I spend my time? Talk with me later about this? I'm curious how digital methods vary by the time period we work on. “: Is it national tear your ACL month?” Don't get it twisted. It's Asian Pacific American Heritage Month Excellent points! Since when did monthly potlucks & late night going away parties at Stonies become my life? *last year haha Thanks much for sharing our Milwaukee Museum Mile article! no problem, glad you enjoyed it! For sure, we'll definitely plan it soon. If you're intrigued by the idea of trans-dimensional, telepathic time travelers taking over the planet you'd love #Fringe as much as I do. All men have sinned and fallen short of da glory of GOD. It is GODS arbitrary choice who goez and who dont YOU have NOTHING to do with it... which offices? How can you be mad when theres sun add me Most exciting news of the day: the legendary Charo will make a cameo on Season 4 finale of Rupaul's Drag Race! I love that song! the whole cd is pretty good! great post about #momcon2012 and honored 2 be a champion with you! Yes! Map view of what's called "waterfront." I grew up in SF Bay Area & water should be MUCH bigger than waterfront! LOL STFU ALREADY IM CRYING RIGHT NOW I hate you. Don't ever talk to me again better not win #DragRace or I'll be so pissed. better pick !!!!!! #chriscauley Do the right thing...the logical thing...press your button...ALL OF YOU:)! I know. I get addicted to twitter late like that too ;) tore it up at ALWC tonight! Powerful Word! Thanks for bringing it. Nothing like changing the starter on your car in the McDonald's parking lot. Blonde braids Fielder? Who you trying to be, Sisqo? Love my baby I might as well do homework. Sounds good! : Ginger Icecream - nice These days are going by too fast. I was there last Friday and had the larb. What did you have?? thinking of visiting tonight around 730 for my gf's first time. Any special deals you want to share or any suggestions? ...and just so you know, I asked for the last weekend of May off. Might be a good idea for a Full fledged hang out... #IUPUI University Library close early at noon on Friday, Feb. 3 and will reopen at noon on Monday, Feb. 6. #superbowl hours Or cynicism. You can't make fun of anything these days. Life is too serious...step back, take a breath, laugh...and carry on. Is Code Red still selling Rituals? I can't find it anywhere... Why do kids keep tweeting "when I was little"?..... If u can't wipe your own ass without your moms help.... You're still "little" first day of snow, reminds me of the first day i made it rain Remember, duplicate content is not a penalty. They have awesome coffee! Always glad to help! Give me a shout when the demo comes out and I'd appreciate if you would check out ! Thanks! #herworld. Loved having you here. Great event, great message. You all rock! Playing "Anna Sun" right now! RT Just heard on on my way to work. Great job guys! St. Patrick's Day is my least favorite holiday. It's just drunk white people puking green. went to the screening of "I Want My Name Back" at Atl Film Festival. Focus on hip hop icons Wonder Mike and Master Gee of Rappers Delight. lmao you would. You can't get any higher than smoking weed on top of a mountain unless you're on a plane Ah! Fall fashion! Why are you so pretty? I want everything God must have spent, a little more time on you My prayers are with Wilson Ramos and his family. Wtf I have 3 F's in school. Idk what's gotten into me. I gotta turn them into better grades. thanks for the help! it just pisses me off that they haven't taken the time to publicly let their clients know via twitter. So, that means an apology is coming? 80s pop music is better thn music they play now. Some people go to therapy I work out :) "The time is NOW...enough is enough!" What is your favorite thing about Sunday? RT! <3 ": Last night when me and crashed out on my bed watching cartoons >> <33" of course Great #video about #cinnamon https//www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjp_H2iSfq8 Are you up for the Oops, just remembered I need to buy mother's day card... I love my baby Sybase appoints new development manager - Trade Arabia Dallas lead cut to 15. Amazon: FREE Healing Foods and Recipes Kindle Download ...: Right now on Amazon you can download the Healing Foods and Recipes e-book... Houseboating News » Boat Association: Marine Fuel Costs On the ... Bumming out at different places this spring break. #sunroomchillin <U+E011> We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment. We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need! Down by the bay where the watermelon grow/ back to my home I dare not go/ for if I do my mother will say YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY REAL SON, DAVID! My facial expression is still O_o he was country.. RT #aspnet devs, every time you use the "App_Code" folder in a Web Application project to house "business code", a kitten dies. itz me the one who was talkin to u last time !!! Aggh I can't go to sleep, because I can't find my pajamas!! been up for 32 hours!!! help!!! Packing. Vacation starts tomorrow. Happy Friday everyone. Have a great weekend. what was it like starring in all three high school musicals ? I love You love the sweater, where's it from? another dps training, another day of learning how to select all and search. is this for real? Sure, and thanks for asking! Thanks for voting us #2 best coffee house in 614's ColumBest 2012! hey Alex can u please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean a lot! I expected to see your picture in the wall.. meeeh u get to go lol I'm busy tomorrow :O Bitch sounds so much better in english then in spanish. bro life Thank you :) great new pic of you two!! What a pair. :-) Apparently on its way but of course not 100% til final edits. But yup! he went to town and bumped his head and couldnt get up in the morning x: And #Community!!!!!! Great news!! Parks and rec??? Humanist speaks out as Christians urged to wear cross - BBC News Thank you both! working on a logo for an insurance agency.. inspired by the client's late grandfather's calligraphy work.. hoping it turns out awesome :) fingers crossed for you! hey, hey ! a big congratulations to you! well deserved. have fun at Obama's house! so proud. lol she sure is! I'm sure youre pretty too :p ME: "Does Cocaine really make you skinny?" HIM: "Sh*t, the 7 years I was on it - my ass didn't get skinny!" O_O (LMAO, he's serious too) Call Riviera Spa to book an appointment for today or Wednesday. Just say the word ORGANIC and receive 15% off. 214-521-2112 you get the pleasure of my charming company and incredible wit, rarely seen west of Old Blighty Not gonna lie - definitely stood up out of my chair when that ball left Braun's bat! Love life, and life will love you back. :) This sex offender registry is pretty insane. I mean, comeon, who asks for a $500 Dyson vacuum? Thanks to everyone who came to my Sweet 16 I had an amazing time and I wouldn't trade it for the world!!!! :P ": This game got me shaking like im on the court!!! #TeamLakers"<<< lol me too I had a great time too. Hope you enjoy your time today. #NowPlaying: Juvenile – Back That Thing Up Bet y'all don't know what FISH means. It's the new YOLO. don't be scared. i installed it already on my GalaxySII. it's beautiful. but niall's just looking down at you I hear that! I have the same "gift" - inadvertent rampant verbosity :) [But yes, it looks good to me so far!] Unblocked charliebean48 hopefully you are reading this charliebean. Fine, I'll watch the last 20 minutes of Up close and personal if Air Force One is on next Just got back a picture I sent out with the signature of the talented June Foray! On The Phone With My Bestiee Fan on the field in Toronto. RT : Yes Dave, I will be there! It's a MUST attend! Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.-Mahatma Gandhi I highly doubt you caught a monster bass so true i have at least a dozen unfinished songs haha Did you see that last break by #Louisville? Big things are brewing and on top of that its beautiful out! Also - I randomly ran into today, it's always cool to see her. You're such a small town, Seattle. i dont judge, i comment -by lily Well that was a nice surprise <U+E404> I love hearin from my brother how many years young are you doll face? Tonight's #dinnerspecial: Stuffed Pepper with mashed potatoes--only $18.95! back from leesburg Jason is done after season Look out for our weekly newsletter today! We've got a bunch of baking, bootcamp, and acting classes featured in honor of The Hunger Games! This boy is sexy as FUUUUUCCCKKK. I've NEVER had to work this hard...it BETTER PAY OFF "Shake it out" is so moving I'm never quite sure WHEN to listen to it. can't wait to kick ass on the softball field! followed ya babe! :) #NowListeningTo; "Yellow Submarine" by #TheBeatles c; it was fun! Had a bgirl session with friends :) Cabby's throwing arm had a part in that! can u bring ur english book on monday:) such an amazing san diego day. Headed to Little Italy just cuz its so nice out. This is hilarious. So amusing. S Congratulations to my bro, Scott Ware, for making the final roster for the Mountain Lions. Kick some ass man! Follow Me Please!? 44 Let me know when you follow Planning a Bridal Shower, Baby Shower, Birthday Party, or Anniversary Celebration... Look no further call 1(857)203-1690, let me help you. English Proverb~ We are usually the best men when in the worst health. what are you doing tonight RT : Used to think late night was only time for #writing. Now love being 1st up (rare), coffee, birds, words...morning! for all your snark and distaste for vegetarians you're a good dude. It's shows onscreen. Tim Duncan just sent an email to say thanks for the opportunity to be in 's new campaign. Class act. Hahahah. You just made my whole day. I can hear you saying it in my head :) it is going to be a long summer and Fall I ain't trippin on nothing I'm just slippin on something at #suede (; get it Let's go state. Payne you are a beast. I am about to create a go animate comic for my TIE workshop I do so shut up haha! On the road again! There are definitely not 4 boxes of shoes packed to come with me to San Antonio. When the forecast is sunshine 330 days a year- real weather is shock. Learning curve was steep for me once I left. oh i see and reblog cookie man alot LOLOLL I'm doing everything I rap about. There are over 15 visual clues on Sgt. Peppers that Paul McCartney died in a car crash. I can't express how excited I am for this work day to be over. I'm panicking about doing books on my own today. Not a good morning'!! S/o 2 Chu Zu " Sassy an Classy " Music Video in the making... Guess what!!! Max broke up with his girlfriend he is single now I told my sis and she got so happy but I told her tht he's urs<U+0001F61C> Hush you. I hate missing a twitter fight. Ha. :( That's a great thing...U only need to worry when u don't hv haters. Hell I love my haters. They my motivation. oh i liKE IT! MT we are at 57 degrees this month too :) ====> See you Friday night at 1735 Hancock, San Diego! If you love someone, tell them, because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken. Thats normal i guess ? haha (: . Where do you live ? Sorry if thats like weird like "WHERE DO YOU LIVE" ?!?! Yes, Shawn is twitter-less. But, we still wanted to welcome him! Finally my bed!! woo dont i love to jump on you.. lol. That's hilarious!! I never watched it as a kid either. My big brother did. I used to sing the opening song all the time! conversely...he's a kid. Or was a kid. Just not exactly sure what you're hunting for. Yeah I know! I agree, it becomes tiring to look at all the overly sexy avatars. #thought- If everyone collectively knows to shop on "Black Friday," won't that increased demand increase prices, counteracting any discount? Good Morning Tweoples!!! Be productive today!! but.. aren't those technically just your work clothes..? abbiethomas said to me in science "YOU ONLY SMILE WHEN YOUR TALKING ABOUT !" i was like is that a bad thing?:L Been thinking about this all day ( : — at Panda Express RHCP encore... Band comes out in black hoodies to honor Trayvon = pretty awesome! McDonalds is buying beef from South America that isn't regulated like US beef. yeah! I should yeah that's why I stayed home today I did f'n link Crew crap for 8 hours!!!! Scat: Improvise lyrics as nonsense syllables. Originated on the "Hot Five" song "Heebie Jeebies" when Louis Armstrong dropped his lyrics. If you have a kik kik me. Please. I'm so bored. And lonely. Haha I'm so pathetic. Thanks! Me too ;) FINALLY setup with Git and giving Tower a try. Requirements for paid projects make the best incentives ;) Before Christmas Break. I love background photo. Every time I see it, it makes my day. LMBO thanks for RT! If I didn't love you, I would have something very snippy to say to you right now #jealous See you this evening! We love it! RT : I could get used to this. Watching the Lakers lose to Denver from my #Ritz comfy bed. tangential note: I had a Twitter exchange with the furry organization earlier today. Weird! The Ring of Fire! Don't care who's injured, Pens-Caps will always get my blood flowing. JD and the #Muppets is clearly the best Christmas album ever, but Leon Redbone runs a close second. US Airways, American Airlines merger would mean higher prices x x x Or guys text you that you haven't talked to in years & want to meet up. :) fuck off, I love literacy: the ability to understand, navigate, and leverage formal or informal information systems hey stranger Destroying LA is kind of lame, though, since that city is so spread out. I mean, do they destroy the freeways? must have been mighty crustiful Eating healthy is costly that's why we're all fat. amen to that! #SameProblem! I love hearing from long lost friends. Even if they write a total of ten or so words. OMG YOU FINALLY SAID BELIEBERS <33333333 lol you ain't at school It's no fun if it's not dangerous! Let that man cook with his acronyms lol. Tuesday is Mr. Rogers Day at the Children’s Museum! From 10am - 5pm, enjoy a day dedicated to Mr. Rogers, free of charge!... you are sending viruses to people, if you don't know, now you do. Sorry, but I'm removing my following because of this. thanks so much for listening!! I really appreciate it Wow...Cats in zone!!! I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything. it doesnt matter, id mess it up anyway xD The Pedal Mill just opened up for tomorrow night! Book your pre-turkey day night out! We have all 16 spots open! And I won't be here. :( RT : Just announced: Bruce Springsteen playing at Fenway Park on August 14th. Time is a priority. You have enough time for anything in the world, so long as it ranks high enough among your priorities. such a fun book. did you read pillars of the earth? Thank you for a great afternoon! youre mean I'll jump in a hole it's less painful xo #np India Arie wings of forgiveness ": What school you go to ??" Blanche ely high school Do it! UW is slow, hope they can keep up. "Three witches you shall meet, along the road to your fate." Sweet God of Metal, this album is dramatic metal gold. Happy Hour daily from 4-7pm and 9-11pm to celebrate the end of tax season....or relief from the same! Man I want to punch the owl by my window for keeping me awake. Last night he kept saying, "Who?" & I told him, "Mike Jones!" like 30 times! Cruel and unusual, Andromeda. Just woke up from along nap Had no idea Jay-Z said "pause" on "Never Change" back in 2001 I have a half day tomorrow too ! OMG #meanttobe (: Greetings! Stellar roster you got there... Give us a listen? You gotta funny way of showing it. Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer. Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs. June 3 at I'm guest bartending to win money and a trip to Vegas!! Everyone gets 1/2 off their bill! 9pm-2am spread the word!! Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free I feel you, and I miss you Choices getting easier everyday as God directs my path Etta James-RIP Fall OUtn ah! I gona miss samuel larsen (canT take my fone) Why do these grown ass lil girls think yelling and screaming their business on the bus is cute? They need some damn #guidance smh Happy Mothers Day! that ain't the #BestTextMessage that would be getting one from a hot chic saying she's dtf lmfao I don't think I've felt more shitty about anything in my entire life. is creeping. LOL Ah, that's just as fun. I really want to go to one someday. Have fun! RT : British citizen killed in #Domodedovo airport blast - law enforcement source To be successful Nope, I'm not a fish fry person. One of the great female warriors of fiction! #josswhedonrules : Thanks, Keith. BtVS is to me what Star Wars is to you. so confused me !!!! I don't want OK? I like the chocolate sprinkled ones!!!! Right I feel like I have all the time in the world right now. i was talking shit out of disappointment. They were playing scared. Now they've got some confidence and its paying off re "Excellent interview!" Wow, thanks for reading it! I am honored! Comes out in print edition Munich & Berlin this week. Good morning all! I'll be live on the TODAY show this morning. Tune in!! Gather yourself hottovy The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship. Dying to take a fake sick day so I can play Kirby's Dreamland. Not gonna, but I want to. NEW YEAR'S EVE = FREE CHAMPAGNE AT MIDNIGHT...Join us! : i damn sho' would! What do you mean? I don't work in fashion!! Lol Hey why u not following me? you're funny lol I can write a dozen content marketing items on "What 'Office Space' Teaches Your Business" for a client, but don't know if they'd approve... I like analyzing fan experience, but I wish there wasa school of baseball thought that shunned material goods like "Buffalo Bacon SloppyJoe" Best Company Name Ever: "ADHD Labs." From Philip Kaplan (), who is also behind and more. The one album that matches my mood, whether it's sunny or gloomy? Kind of Blue. RT u dj at oceans on fri? <> yea...me n the big homie Dj Live I need some rest today I also remember when you use to have to use AOL Dial-Up to get to the Internet, oh the 90's lol Done! Peace & love to you all! I added a flash widget to my blog, my space and face book, says you need flash 9 I downloaded flash 10 hope I figure it out Ni**a U got a twitter!! Being Human finale on syfy tonight. Someone will not survive. They Can't Fuck With Me On #BlackOps And You Can't Either And Thats I love you more than I can say Cool. Wins are cool. #wordsineverwanttohear you have cancer.But I heard it the foo fighters rock!! did u win mr warrior?? their FIRED!!! I swear, I embarrass myself WAY to much, especially around guys<U+0001F614><U+0001F52B> My Christmas list? A mother fucking PILLOW PET! >:D Life is short. If you love someone, let them know. If you dislike someone, let them go. May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow, and trouble avoid you wherever you go. Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!! Lifelong Wis. resident. Mayor Tom Barrett needs more than Obama. He's a weak candidate. His smile, his laugh EVERYTHING Lol <333 What vet to you use? i want some chicken n waffles an some kool aid:) COME TO NEBRASKA!!! PLEASE. building for #mobile 1st, Web 2nd; is a smart way to plan for the future Instagram Deal - Move Toward Cellphone From PC... Staying up talking to him is worth it Having coffee at 10:30 at night? Yep! :) Happy mifflin folks. Ill be at work if you need me.... thank u I want to do the Trans Siberian again from West to East Send birthday wishes to #birthday Please retweet RT " Paris is always a good idea " -- Audrey Hepburn i hope my friend doesn't forget to give me her CURLING WAND for 9 yrs no matter wat. thanks bro I get it how i live it. Fast life That's so cute that you watch another make up girl's videos! I just watched the Collin make over, LOL! :) my obnoxious neighbor is moving <U+0001F44D> I can't wait for that 1v1 match-up! if I could go anywhere in the world I would go to Canada!!!:) "Spinning truths and out of control into self-destruction." lol I know what you mean I'm on 18% (: Hi! Delayed reaction. How's paleo going beyond the first week? no way! Its probly crazy busy up in there. sorry sis no can do <U+0001F340><U+0001F340><U+0001F340><U+0001F340><U+0001F340> Jesus Shuttleworth lol Walter Ray Allen He Got Game Who's coming to see us w/ Aaron Gillespie & THE ALMOST tonight? Dubstep is so annoying sometimes. Worked out. Ate a sandwich. Now lying down and cannot get motivation to move. Glad you had a good time! Are you a seasoned user of social media or a novice? RT Catch my interview with author Mike Leach of Why Stay Catholic at catholicmom.com/?p=19443 - enjoy! // he want that #CAKE (: morning everybody (((((: 1st period flow. I couldnt ask for a better group of friends, we always have some much fun together.<U+E418> We're all just slightly misunderstood that would imply that he has guard skills. When planning your event please consider getting He'll blow your mind. Not a big Madonna fan, but the video display on the field is cool! If this be true, what do you think is the primary reason a person takes a cheating partner back? haha ok(: and just chillin with friends playing football with my brothers and running. Wbu?(: Hey BOBBY!!!! We need to talk and catch up! #Notetoself always order more sushi. FOR THE WIN. RT : Sad birth story: Laboring woman 5 cm, 5th baby - oops breech. Had urgent cesarean cuz no OB has skills to deliver... Life is like a flower. It Is first a seed. Then a plant, then it sprouts, and then grows,but no matter what It will die. NIGGAS IS UP LIKE THEY GOT JOBS TO GO TO LOL ha your lucky that you are tall. :) Found the weak link in the chain. This dude has got to go. This weather is awesome! in ur eyes u are. I see different. reason why I have glasses. anyways I'm here mate. ur average lennon ((*J*)) Had a long day. Coming home all the way from alliante. Exhausted! This week is going to be awesome. Getting out at 1 from school, going to a club with my cousin, and hanging out with my friends. So excited! Who wants to talk on the phone untill i fall asleep (: ? Neat idea for people to customize their profile! HAHAHAHA why am I always the one that gets a whole pitcher of water from the servers at restaurants??? good night! sorry to be so long in responding! the book sounds great and the research super interesting. i've never written historical. I'm good bro how about you? For what it's worth, that throws me off, too. And I'm sighted. Its been a long night, but its ending on a good note “you can’t just reprogram yourself: what you want, who you are—your purpose in life-it is what it is”. kick-ass My Life It is what it is Yes, I have over-the-air digital antennas and converter boxes. I can take just about any old TV and get a bunch of channels on it. did a wonderful job on this shoot. GrantedAccessFilms.com My prayers go to Trampus Haskvites :( not a lot just trying to get into a makeup program at the AVEDA school here! I don't have money to save though! It would be easier to come here :P DOUBLE EAGLE! Unbelievable WTF THIS BORI MAKES ME WANNA HURT SOMEONE! When you say the name of a band and some dumb bitch is like, ooh I've never heard that song.. and your like, its a band fuck face -.- you're welcome!! :) Tumblr doesn't drive a lot of traffic, but does have a lot of engagement says Eating so back the fuck up ad let me eat ppl <.< x3 Dance Moms Miami ain't got shit on the original AW! Adorable! where were u today? We were looking for u! yes!! It's cold Great to meet Leland and Hector of today. Looking forward to what you're bringing to the neighborhood! That awkward moment when your still bestfriends with a trick ass hoe..... lmfao <U+0001F49C><U+0001F497><U+0001F49C><U+0001F497><U+0001F49C><U+0001F499> good night Big Michael finna call u Can I Get Some Words Of Wisdom From U?!? omg now there's even worse keyboard bugs! took a map that's all I did Hi Martin! Hope the site is useful. We're now putting up Loire valley pictures. RT “: Have i told you i love you”Lately ««lol thats it! I miss the people that were on the charger wagon other than that, I'll take our bus haha it has a/c and heat Rookie #XavierAvery triples in 1 and scores his 2nd run tonight when #JJHardy goes deep to LF. #Orioles on top 5-3 after 5. the sharp cheddar is what makes today's quiche so good. Suicide, bankruptcy, divorces, children in different states, criminal activity, injuries, et al, are consequences of CHOICES. oh but he's adorable...so it's ok! I hate getting legitimately excited about something and then it just doesn't happen. Interviewing on TV can be scary. Forget about the camera and you won't freeze up if you see it as conversation between you and the reporter. Was just thinking about you today. I was watching the video & there were some behind the scenes shots of u :) RT : Love Staccato Gelato on a beautiful afternoon in Sellwood! Stop by and get a scoop for yourself...we're buying! SE... To be fair, though, if what you're looking for is a new form of mediated sociability, these could provide a venue for that. Look in the cabinet by the sink. Two please. If dont move on in #postseason prepare for predictable lament re: bad TV ratings. Don't need NY LA BOS teams to have good baseball I TiVo all WPT Events and I was in Vegas watching the 25k WPT championship and my Dad and I were on TV!! So freaking cool. I TiVod myself This lady showed up in 5inch heels aha <U+0001F44C> haha those were crazy! I like these retro ones better. My stomach has been feelin funky all day -.- It's Lunch Time! Empanadas Tuna Melt on Croissant Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup #SFAD - New blog story - "The Weight of a Man"...enjoy! Oxford Circus in london.. Grove st in JC! Wealth has wings. ~ Sophocles Or better yet , a chamoyada instead [= tweet me for a new follower :) Strong picks! Let's have a virtual (wine filled) viewing party if they make it :) I want to express my appreciation to those of you who have shared so much. Once in a while a smile or laugh means a lot. Thanks and cheers! Come into our Maple Rd. Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills ! One of life's most precious blessings for a daughter is an ever sweeter, more understanding relationship w/her mother. Love you Lestelle To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. Happy Belated B-day! Hope you did a thousand good things for yourself ": The way it looks when you get your eyebrows threaded > the way it feels" the feeling hurts>. < Follow me? dfd I now have many clouds. Perhaps too many. A meta cloud management app seems to be in order. Welcome also to fellow Hospices - and did you atleast put some old bay on them before you ate them... also, pollen is terrible in cities because of single-sex tree planting Rackwise, Inc. - $RACK Like your use of tweetwally on your site, are you projecting it on site too (like SCREENtxt proj)? www.gokickball.com/columbus --- summer season kicks off June 8. Registration is OPEN pitches. CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicting" by Jenee so jelly. Somebody please educate me - why is cheese tastefully served on a slate board? Is there a functional reason or where did that come from? Ill be drinking myself to sleep Going nowhere near coast. “: Brace yourself, East Coast: Tropical Storm Katia...Category 3 hurricane by end of week.” lol we're still just sitting here I would die if something ever happened to him..i will always love him Great! Business or pleasure? New Minnesota helmet design has been released! Walked into to hear playing! This day is gonna rock!!! #GoDaddy, if you must use QR codes, they have 2 work from my couch. Oh, & the time I spend launching an app means I don't watch the ad. OMG YOU ARE SO HOT,, I WANT TO HUG YOU SO BAD!! I HOPE YOU SEE THIS!! LOVE YOU SO MUTCH!! PLEASE MAKE COOL MORNING 3!! LOVE :D no no val it's not to you! :) Out of the shower and getting dressed.....keynote and brunch in an hour & the perfect couple What's the name of the person when I talk with ? I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~ Lauren Bacall Had to decide between doing my math homework or doing my nails. I chose nails. TY for following On the living room chair! Wow im just mad and scarred for life >.< That was a fun track meet with lmao Everyone Follow She wants Followers Let's take a minute to thank the random guy recording Joe for Ustream so we could all watch his first solo performance. You know, I might give my first-born. Especially if Seth Myers ever comes back. The Love Monkeys play it all at will be tonight at 9:30! We promise you will enjoy yourselves! On my way to Mn Vikings training camp to photo some linebackers!!! So proud of !He's come a long way and I was with him every step of the way.I Love You This Big Scotty! XOXOxoxo Haley :D I would be fishing hopefully by 10 Girl in the bunk below me is fapping. The bunk is a'rocking. re writing: Jesus. Re bdsm: Mom's know there are romance novels that cover that too right? RT : If you like ribs you should give Twin Anchors a try. Probably the best ribs and bbq sauce I've had. Everyone go and wish the one and only a happy birthday ! So ready for this day to end I'll be out there soon. Apology accepted..! haha you baztard, ..I know ya just doin ya damn thang. Thank you man for puttin a lil shine on our team excellent idea-the best of both worlds! good night! thanks for coming and being the badass that you are based on women's physical capabilities. Up late doing work! can u plezz follow me and give me a shout out :) i luv ur tweets <3 Do you ever purchase untested edibles? Why or why not? RT : Anyone who tweets anything UFB-related this week, use the #ufbfourparties hashtag! Vincent is always having fun, I swear. So, now every tweet I see from , I will read in his voice. OMG best follow idea EVER! looking for (preferably local) music we can use for chair massage sessions. no enya, panpipes, or cheesiness allowed. I didn't think it was possible but I think its making me love Excel even more now (I am Ruler of the Spreadsheets around here) The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza & The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but instead will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in... Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets. Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend! #WardsMIF 10 sets/winners Uncle Tom? Lol are you just expressing through stream of consciousness all that frustrates you @ the black community? could i get a couple shoutouts? Today is not my day. RT for 60% off a week package of all access members picks today only! ANKASA Soho opens tomorrow at 11am! Stop by and see us at 424 Broome Street! clean water, nice view...I'm smiling just b'cuz lol duh. of course. I act like I don't really mind, but I really do. Preach! RT If Peggy can go to the movies when she's having a bad day at work, can we all? Where the hell is the mailman?! I have my daughters with me at work, they're in my office wearing boxing gloves & they've just shut the door... this will turn out well. There's a big storm in Los Angeles right now and we're having internet trouble, but a new "+EV" strip should be posted shortly! That is the plan! i need to start waking up when my alarm clock first rings... Amen!! If Ky ran out on the floor like that , they would have been penalized I'm sure!! I thought it was rude!! Two weeks to go until I start producing feature film on Long Island. Love Pre-Pro. Mark Bartolomeo: "indoor CRM" will use NFC to ID you & flash customized ads on glass door of ice cream cold case NO escape from ads! I feel sick You little slore, I hope your better half sees that. Thank you for your compliment on my cut and I look forward to sharing info about hair care with you sista!! GM Tweoples!! Headed to the gym to make it do what it don't. For the first time in my life, my dog ate my homework. Literally. Ate it. When were you planning on getting St. Drunken's Day Tickets by the way? Contact and we'll hook you up. I just want some loyal niggas on my team.. that are down to come with me & experience this dream #Avenue listening to an beat #ILL! Just got tix to in DC. What!?! We just saw several twit pics about this book. Too funny! Also: Think I'm gonna change my name. I'm a vegetarian and have been for six years, but you've inspired me to try my hand at veganism! any tips? I have Friday... Then the Sunday the everyone has off. Lol. It's yours for life! Tweet us your #muglclub number! Do you have both your personal and business accounts tied into HuitSuite, or just business? Wish I was counting a million every night #FirstRead: 'In One Person' by John Irving tops Maclean's #Fiction list I used to travel with several books. Now I have my phone and ebooks. Love the convenience. I say OSU beats either fairly easily if Buford doesn't choke bad. Without they are a mediocre team at best. Are you out of the boot? Green Moms Wanted for August Influenster Programs! Unlock your badges now!!! My dentist doesn't give free toothbrushes anymore. Now there's a cavity in my medicine cabinet. He really gave me the brush off. Hanging out with George Saunders tonight, by which I mean going to a reception for and reading by him. We probably won't cuddle or anything. having his own Block Party in Houston dats what's up it's all legit? And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off Well I gotta go to church but I'll think of more stuff when I get back. <U+270C> And it continues. I've got Lakers fans calling OKC soft. OKC being soft is maybe the most obscured thing I've ever heard The Signs contingent descends upon Atlanta today! Come find us for AWESOME Signs bumper stickers and info about Stimpson Prize! #nwsa 2011 The Fakers got whooped who it's not the Shoes money!!!!! What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year? Thanks Rhonda! :) Glad you're enjoying it! Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months I love crafty business! Today is National High Five Day! Who would you like to #highfive? A big high five to all of our UNM community! be in touch with Carol J. of the Philadelphia Orchestra. There is an opening at Curtis. #creepycvsworker stop following me #milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together. Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools & more! I truly don't think so! Terrible! Can weather at the get any worse? . Goin outside to defrost cold AF in This house #fillintheblank! I reward myself for getting to the gym and eating healthy by treating myself to shakes Baylor University will be in the house at making a note of whose naughty and nice? I know they would.. Best wings in America.. Yup, quite a bit. What is your best, random bit of advice for inbound marketers out there? Stop thinking your idea is bad, lame, or boring My producer is harder to contact than Obama.... Where are ya Ryan? Haha ;) Happy Spring on behalf of the Oriental Institute! And to all those returning from break, welcome back! Don't do anything in life halfway: love with everything, work your ass off, and fight like hell for what u believe in or there's no point. The blog poem I just wrote has elements of your little three word poem. Today special TACO something to do on Tuesday 'n I realize it's holiday so I'll be having another one! When are you leaving town again? Bundle up Friday am in immediate area, bitter cold (wind chills to -20°F) to pack a bite. Expect "warmer" 20's & 30's by weekend. not at ALL embarrassed to love NCIS marathons on USA. Really. Not at all. True FACT. Heey I saw on the news the other day that there was some acsidant or something on Thailand.Were you near? #Ticketmaster Convenience charges suck more than bad Amazon recommendations It is, eh? lol what he yapping about I feel like there is a hole in my life for missing that! Happy NY! true. :/ that was pretty hard for you to break up with him. Why is orange? Tom Wait's Flower's Grave is just such a gorgeous song. Perfect for a summer evening. Hi Hooligan! Thank you for following me <U+2665> ARISE, SHINE; For your light has come! And the glory of the Lord rises upon you. (Isaiah 60:1) I've been talking crazy boy. I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on. I need someone to put this weight on.. Without Rose (18-9), theyre still a better team than Philly (.500?). "The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them." Sean!!! When are you going to be in NY? Come to the world premiere of Drinking Games on Saturday May 5th! :) Yep. Now I can add "having Twitter account hacked" to my list of achievements. If I die tommorow, remember me as Eric Wright enjoyed #Capitals thrashing of the #Lightning, it is really a holiday hangover if most of the players are foreign? You're very welcome! Love what you guys are doing, keep it up! I don't like seeing Mahomies fighting And calling Eachother names, We are a family . & in the end we are all here supporting Austin -Ally ": #GreatTimesAreComing to those who choose to have them." Exactly I choose #GreatTimes! Even better when watching #NitroCircus! Tiger Woods is to a monogamous marriage Phillip Phillips is amazing and ever performance he does is perfect. It's word jumble day! Today's word is "hewit loetcohac". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off! Car payment: $215, car insurance: $140, cell phone bill: $95. Making less than what I need. Priceless Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate. O.o Wine, zero gravity lawn chair, pleasant breezes in the backyard. Aaaahhhh. thx lesko. unfortunate result but oh well. see you in a couple? Lol , I love you too x) pop that ass for me. you don't deserve a follow -_- obviously is not a queer. He has more girls that love him Than you ever will. This may be your last chance to awkwardly slow dance. on #106&park #DoinTooMuch cant wait for the mindless behavior show Closer to the Cardiology Unit yupppers she did. and twas fantastic I guess. My 15 day trial will run out before my initial backup is even done! Any way to get free extension for trial? awesome - welcome to i think i'm getting closer to my thousandth tweet lol Was this close to booking Tosh.0, oh well, on to the next one as Jay would say! Depends what parts of Tokyo. In my old master's neighborhood, you couldn't walk down the street without being attacked. :P Lol the only place I find them acceptable is in the garden even then soo ugly Maryland Basketball is weaker today - thanks and Godspeed Gary! I've been working on a set of Spring Textures...Hope to have a few of them up by this weekend. :) Writing 16s like internet child predators. Riding the red line sometimes reminds me of a Hey Arnold episode with the mole man who lives in the tunnels. Yeah you did! So did I! I didnt know you had your license! :( #BackWhenIWasLittle I would cry and not move if I got my hands dirty. And my parents claim they never knew... She is doing a lot of dismissing today haha #tellemgirl : Is ruthless in these streets. She be going in" Kiev airport. Good times. Sad to leave Israel but ready to be back on American soil! I hate when dudes don't wash their hands after they use the bathroom... I don't know why there isn't a rain cloud over my head. Thanks for helping spread the word! RT Yay RT: Great news: Ford Foundation is funding Half the Sky game on Facebook! Little miss is stirring? Z's little one. We are trying to wean her from the once a night bottle. She's very fond of a 4:30 bottle and 5am So what is your guess on what's in the box? Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call My body feels like it's been run over. :'/ bitch what u doin hm 3 points last night, best QB on west coast huh??? DLS for life!! RT“ no hard feelings ....” I partake in more than my share of Belgian beers. I am a wealth of sampling information. sure looks like the idea we developed "The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery" Start your new puppy out right in 2012! Call us for details! Go hokies....a little pay back its taken me a few hours but i now realize I'm sunburnt I want hot tea and a nice pink grapefruit :( meh! Is it 11 yet?? Mehhh We will be playing at Channel Inn in Warsaw MN this Saturday @ 9PM. Hope to see you there! Bring your dancin' shoes! sweet.. you just added to my cravings - butthead "To awaken others to the hope that is in them may be the greatest thing we can do for them. We humans need hope." -- E Glenn Hinson I wish had Epub files. It much easier to change the font on my Nook with an Epub file. PDFs come out wonky. Who all is going to see the new Pirate's movie tonight at midnight? It's Tuesday which means its Vegan Night! Stop by tonight for an assortment of vegan pizza slices. Microsoft has decided to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version by turning on automatic updates!!! Lee Evans & Billy Cundiff should hide out 4 a while Work. Work. Work. It feels way later than it is... alright. Do you own the movie! It's a big problem, but there are bigger issues for this team than lineup construction. My kids are crazy lol! i got it :P<3 Not Bambi! *tears* - It's like a hodge-podge of different elements including pork, chicken - we've even seen it with rabbit. Your ol' conceited ass ... I don't love you that much ahha Thanks brother TJ. Proud to be an American. I am really missing my sister Our webinar on digital signage for independent schools is about to get started. There is still time to register at... #thingsihate when people don't know the difference between your and you're. I'm pretty sure we all learned contractions in the 1st grade make me! *licks tongue out* I don't think I've been inside any store but Nordstrom since I worked at A&F in high school... What do you get if you cross a radio music presenter with Match of the Day ?DJ ! Just trying to keep going... they treat us bad whenever we play there. With the exception few of their waiters. By my count: 2 dream catchers, one (altered) Thoreau quote, one leopard print outifit, one pink piñata Clearly, Italy is the hot place for reality stars to duke it out cool thanks, say hi to Bri And you just got some extra cool points! Up the Irons, my friendo ;) Serendipitous discovery of 1910 Library Journal article re: Quakerism collection at library. Oh hey bi-co! Actually not, it was just a thing that came into my mind :D Anyways, thank you, have a good one too (: How are you tonight? Today's Playlist: Jazmine Sullivan, Musiq, Anthony David, Kalenna, PJ Morton, Frank Ocean, Crystal Nicole, Kindred Family Soul and SWV. I learned about from an awesome company...and SUCH a good gift idea! RT new (famous) users usually post hot/halfnaked pics of themselves for proof. we ARE pretty Hi-Lar-I-Ous! What's Ricky Williams up to today? Techies make way for stranded Egyptians to be heard dangit I tried Ryan Getzlaf can fight an entire club in 3 minutes. You are terminally awesome. :) scotch scotch scotch Nice slide deck. Sorry to see #TTWebinar fail today. Looking forward to reschedule Once you’ve raced, you never forget it…and you never get over it. – Richard Childress Get show services 10-30 days before.Best to order 30+ days prior to save on costs- if you wait to the day, floor price can be 10-20% higher. than your fine, just flip the quarter to heads walk away & walk back to the quarter & BAM you made your own luck ;D RT Gv LBJ props 4 working on his mid-range gm after the DAL debacle (Um I'd think he'd put in some wk 4 once after that) That's turning things around! needs to hire me as his manager if what I just did works. Keep an eye on your music video view counter in the next few days homie. Women volunteers welcome as Peers & Mentors - upcoming PHL community service with women's recovery center. See 5/19 event on our network Thanks. There are some great resources on Charlottesville history I'd like to use for to encourage more research arrested development is genius. Never too late! oh Jen! It's a good movie obviously not exactly like the book. But it's good!(: you girls are nuts! Deff need to see you girls kill it at a show soon. 5 Ways to Survive the Worst Days crackin this week in NYC? I'm in there like swim wear I know my step brother owns a crossfit gym in anchorage haha RT : See you girls in 8 days!!< its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy! is portland looking at adding a Rip Hamilton or another wing player? Happy birthday Wickett! Make it a great day... Let's toast to a bloody soon! Met with the staff about some half way to Halloween goings on later this month. Never too early to start the count down ! I smell like a taco lupe. I can help with that some1 yelld 'annie' (I think they meant jonatha brooke's song) and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic. RT : I'm very happy to resign with the #Cardinals and I look forward to helping us win the NFC West and return to the Super Bowl That's just not healthy! Think before you drink. RT : Dinner? I drink all the carbs I need. Listening party for my cd, Big release show at 3rd and Lindsley on April 24th. Paul Thorn tour in May. More writing.. Yes! Peyton Manning is a Bronco! I would rather have a sister than a brother :P I was just a victim of eye rape.. Smh Super duper congrats. Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anybody Who Visited GeoHot Site. www.tncnews.com As with every game. RT A Louisville-Kentucky game really would be a no-win situation for Cal. He has to win that game... May the Fourth be with you! What's the weather like where u at? I haven't heard back from Stacy or Jay yet... After almost an hour at the doctor's office it looks like no What-a-burger for lunch :-( I guess Dee will never get to go there. cool... what was the learning curve like for him? Was there a lot of trial and error involved? Should a healthy girl waste 3 hours on the phone trying to get an insurance company to pay for a mammogram screening? BLUE SHIELD = HELL lolz, amen to that! :) What cameras do you shoot wonders on? I feel tha love. Toast wonderful future lol. No RT if you're going to ESPN Gameday tomorrow!!! RT Positivity accrues like compounded interest. Negatively depletes like a high interest credit card. Watching last nites epi of The Voice. I love this show because of the family aspect. Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them! I just heard the words "Icelandic alternative folk collective" ??? despite popular belief, I actual can code my way out of a paper box ... I'm looking at you Sometimes that accomplishment is prolonged by refilling the stapler. Do we get some money left on the dresser? my bitches always dtf ! I think it's going to be that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how... enjoy your weekend too!! <U+0001F337> follow us back! All the world's a stage: Noticing life's musical sounds bit.ly/pZAzPF You're welcome mrs triplett for basically a new pencil sharpener. please share if you do find it! oh lol then just wait for her :p Who gonna take a kush break wit me? is there anyway we can try to bring HL back? I read this. It is a good article. Timing is soo important! Cant stop wont stop 4th quarter.. Bron gonna fold up.. This is your time Pacers today at noon, another , and discussion. Today's topic - I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in? All i do is get cheese, like im takin pictures. i wish i had a gatorade<U+0001F614> #SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 5 exactly. i don't care about the colour, but the courts themselves in monte carlo and madrid seem to be problematic this year. I dont care how old you are...when the ketchup bottle farts, its funny. I could not be prouder of the man from my alma mater right now, but am sad that I wont have a repeat trip w/ my stees Super Bowl buddies Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka you tell em baby!!! Advanced search, usage rights option, search free! Awesome tip when finding matetials! A music filled day with practicing, mixing, recording and playing. See you on the other side. OMG SARAH!!! I haven't talked to you forever!! What's up?? Bulls in the 4th look like the Magic in the 3rd! <U+200E> will be out in Tucson today giving out Widsix gear at the Old Pueblo Grand Prix. Check out LIVE event Sat 3:55pm PST from Another long night in the studio last night with Earl Jones and Keith Beatz Penelope Cruz Methinks integration testing. Everything in Capoeira is linked together. RT : Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? Check your DM I'm super excited to see ABCD! #TweetMeCody please LOVE<U+E32A><U+E32B> F.E.A.R = Fu*k Everything And Run. are you trying to move students downtown, or give people coming downtown ways to get around? 12 pt lead w/ less than 20 second we got it That's a tough one! Hope you get some good responses :) Times have changed and in order for advertisers to reach out to the modern consumer, they must be able to adapt to the changes. Just added Live Chat to the website! I love technology! easy, just go to twitter settings and just add your facebook and phone number.. next tuesday? Battle Star Galactica if you never seen it. Thanks for the follow! We heart The Counter here at #Treater! #Np So Appalled I can't play for my life, how bout you? Gaul unbelievable save from close range! The only reason we're still in this is Alexa Gaul in goal for Texas. She keeps the shutout alive! Oh boy. Is she just upset or did she hurt herself? Thanks Brian! thx! I gotta check it out. Looking 4 a job in metro & surrounding Atlanta areas, for resumé, thank you . clarity. communication is so important that if you can communicate clearly important things can happen Congratulations to your whole team -- such exciting news, and quite an achievement! I don't know where the spam came. I think someone hacked my account. Sorry for the strange messages. #Packers start is interesting. 3-game road trip in October. 4 of 6 NFC North games in December. Division will be up for grabs. Everyone seems to want Slamball. So who is your favorite Slamball team? And why isn't Slamball the most popular sport EVER?! Makes no sense! Testing out a new Twitter client. Very interesting. A GIRL WHO KNOS WHAT SHE WANTS>>PRICELESS!!!!!!!!!!!! ...However, recent studies suggest that the melancholia of middle age may be rooted in the role loss associated with the ... niggas who aruge over tweets your gay Read it! wrote a great #book--I just hope my book review (that I still need to write) will do it justice. QUOTE-WORTHY: Be careful how you speak to your children. One day it will become their inner voice. - Peggy Omara Done with today's scheduled maintenance! It was just a cleaning on server side. No new updates. long time no see! have you opened the ski season? Madden fans!!! TryOuts is hosting a huge tornament in Dec w/a grand prize of $1000!!! visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com for more info One reads in a bar because the words of the others are unpalatable. Still, the reader desires to read the words of the others, nonetheless. Chillin'...I gotta eff with you & David soon. marrying a man that can! (Cook that is!) Did that guy really just pee in the parking lot of the old vine???? Pat's spirit helps me during times of trouble, I miss him too, God bless... yes let's go hard Jose Reyes... come to ! "Imma get dropped off wit them goons late night"... Rangers tomorrow. congrats on your victory! Such colorful people in the ER waiting room. its ok hahahah i always come on here trying to promotee us but then i always get into silly convos hahaha what's good bro bro? In the city trying to get on, raising my daughter and learning. I believe Innsbruck, Austria. Stayed home cuz I thought it might snow ;) fighting for a Council Seat Washington Post... #NewOrleansMascotShouldBe a Popeye's bourbon chicken, cause that will #ComeOutToPlay 24/7, unlike the Hornets We hope all the moms out there had a well deserved weekend full of fun, hugs, and relaxation! Social take a back seat to search for purchase decisions. Lol she's sleeping right now Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith? If HCR gets done - all credit in the world to Pelosi and Reid for staying with this. Especially Reid who has real tough reelect this year. Yeah. Now u don't have to move ;) Guess younger voters & > educated also voted vs. it. And Asheville, of course. PVLA has a FAQ resource for Artists re: Philly Biz Taxes--let us know if you want a copy! Ring My Heath Bell - Disco night at Marlins stadium #mdayton accuses us of not attempting bipartisan cooperation after HE refuses to show up at meetings in his own office. Unreal, but typical. Probably because people like free full walkthroughs with every detail about sidequests, bosses, hunt guides, etc, oh and pictures.. Nice to meet you! Would love to be in touch re: edu activities that tie astronomy + art via Twitter. See I love it how I think theres no way u could be a bigger douchebag, then u go ahead & prove me wrong. Way to keep surprising me!! i would consider that a cool weekend Amen RT Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem 1st make sure you're not in fact surrounded by Aholes Ugh, OT. Now we will miss the whole first quarter of Lakers / Heat. down is bad news. I always suspect it is my fault. It makes me really happy to see come together. Did today even happen, it was such a blur. I just saw that Draw Something punked us. They didn't give you the right letters! WTF! I would argue that this is already the case in many cities! Game 6 in Boston #Celtics vs Well, I think they'll be headed to the golf course tomorrow. The curse of being a #Capitals fan. lol I got game Lyon continues: But even if you can't identify to the point of "being" Trayvon Martin, why do ppl like to say it? Performative question. Can you put my name on the Jumbo Tron tonight?? ;) mainly their "friends" and fellow "artists". The guy I know sold his music as a senior in h.s. to impressionable freshmen. Haha. My wife thinks my hairstyle is from the 90's. I think I'm going to let her chop it up. AHAHAHAAHAHA YOUR TOO FUNNY !!!!!! Magazine evolution RT How Magazines Are Adapting to the Mobile Revolution - on.mash.to/mTqswZ dude, it's so much more than just a podcast. Need Someone to call :) Purdon concludes with a discussion of a scene that takes place at Battersea Power Station in Hitchcock's "Sabotage." Everyday's a new day I want a.new texting.buddie will,you be my.new.texting Buddie You Found Yo Earring D'yer Maker tomorrow nite? lol...just kidding...although while you were noodling, you just about got it going. I could hear it. you're really cute(: and 5 is my number also!(; YogaFit is apparently different than my normal yoga class. My muscles really wish I'd known that before I signed up for a 10 week class. I'm on a money run ... Track team Ever want to do a liver cleanse? Do you drink allot? Does liver cancer run in your fam? Yellow in your eyes? Contact me for details & price. Michael jackson died at 58 Whitney houston died at 48. John F Kennedy died at 38. Amy whinehouse died at 28. How old is Justin Bieber again? B-e-autiful outside. Is Looking Forward To Being A Guest On Steve Gross's Radio Show Today! "Gross Reality with Steve Gross" Discussing Networking thanks for following :D if you get me more followers, Ill let you suck my 15 inch dick ;) #JBR will be at tomorrow, 5:30-8:00 for Cupcakes and Cocktails! Stop by to join the fun! Today is not the day to fuck with me I woke up not in the mood tiny data is just as important when & where Congrats! What are you guys working on now? I am suprisingly happy given that this weekend ended ruff. Things still worked out better than I couldve asked for. Where are my welcome sign and balloons? wats the subject of the email Wolf, please work to get rid of the electoral college! So every single vote counted, regardless of the state you live in! Hey Waterfiers, what's the number 1 song in your playlist you turn to when you're looking to pump yourself up when you hop in the water?? LOL! Nice one. follow back please? pumped to see The Avengers tonight finally! “: It's a blanket & blockbuster night #chillycalifornia” CAN I JOIN?!?! TheGardenDiet.com has a super deal on their ebooks today. 18 for $10! This is so exciting! (Especially for a poor girl like me) Occupy Rochester has lost is court challenge - seemingly clears the way for the city to move forward with eviction via You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333 yummy too lol Baby, come fwm, I'm going clubbin'.. dickies work pants are the most comfortable pants ever Lmao. I just have one question.... Where did Derek Bieber come from?(: I just checked in at Palmetto Elementary School (12401 SW 74th Ave, Miami) on Carnival yay! hey wuts gud fam.... i gotta get on here more bro Even if if kills me im gonna Hate is a very powerful word, that's why I don't say it. I'd rather pity or strongly dislike something or someone before I say that. Thas better now it say u follow me Stop trying to make fetch happen. It's not going to happen. <U+2764><U+0001F478> O, yeah, baby! I'm making the monster cash! Newsroom isn't the same without you. At this week, the guest worship leader was accompanied by 3 men of Bonhoeffer: Jacob Dinsmore, Daniel Kim, and Emery Baumann. Missing the #Brewers but have some good baseball to watch every nt with the #Marlins and Thanks for an insightful #AtlanticWoW conversation! I always love these events! After receiving 's birthday invite, had to re-watch the Ministry of Silly Walks skit. Late night in the office = Giordanos. So that's okay. Capital One & WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night @ Duffy's 7:45pm CST tonight. $500 for winning teams! I love when Simon Cowell makes thinly-veiled jokes about Ryan Seacrest's sexuality and Ryan shoots back an ice-queen's glare. shit. I would have but I was getting wings with smithy and endicott Sunnydale high school t shirt! So fucking cool. It's typing everything I'm saying! Stop it -- Stop it -- STOP IT! Tonight at 7:30 being interviewed by Sarah Cahill on along with Nathan Davis for Monday's SFCMP concert He was convicted. He goes to start 14 yr sentence today. Good luck. Now go find some news that's relevant to this city today! did you hear about the diablo 3 open beta? Thanks for coming over last night! Bonanza was way more work than it's supposed to be. But I'm glad you were there! love it! Definitely sharing with my elementary colleagues. No distractions... Fort Lesbian! Wet weather continues to be an issue. Temperature 51 & dewpoint 48 means drying out a chip a slow process. Best to schedule repair later. What exactly is "minor loss of fidelity"? How can a loss of fidelity be minor exactly?Riddle me that Excel! THANKS TO EVERYBODY SHOWING LOVE!! S/O TO FOR SHOWING LOVE ALSO! looking for a green company to buy building in LA county, good cash deal for start up company. Zoned for manufacturing. Hi Karen. Need to touch base re Lovelace when possible. Thank you! Research in Motion shares surge on reports of corporate shakeup....could this be the catalyst they need? what guy? #20thingsaboutme 5. I love American Idol. It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved. Not doing homework tonight. Just nyquil and some fantasy factory Romney winning #Catholic voters in #OHPrimary & I saw a picture of them the other day without shirts and just pads. Holy meatball gravy Nobody on the Yankees. just a helpful hint :) oh that's bad. I watched 8 seconds so in bull riding time that's the end Welcome to LA! Seeing trailers for #Bunheads and getting very excited to see it in June! this aint no picnic bitch!!! Hahaha said you always use to say it from malibus most wanted lol PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex? girl i already am I... wash my hands of this cat. SHE needs to wash her hands. She bathes in the toilet apparently. I.... have no words. Drew! She's awesome!! We'll be lovers & friends. yes watched it yesterday! Get warmer. Right now. I can't wear a sombrero in this weather!! finally. Someone else who knows about their greatness. Today is one of those days that you miss the people you love so much you could explode! Thank you BasedJacques Happy Birthday to my friend ! At least I hope so because that shit just happened. Thats how you do it running it in! Go #Chiefs! Still deciding whether to use a Wynton Marsalis piece for my solo in Greece.. it will come to me; so much music to be inspired by. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid Sushi night with the girls :) good food and amazing friends Filming boobs, auditions, and acting class... My favorite kind of day. :) So close follow if you love being Mindless...... tori and sky say hi from vegas wishes he could brush his teeth with beef jerky every night Happy Birthday !! Hate when stupid bitches try to act all innocent ... You know you did it just man up Watching #Legion :3 And yes, absolutely. Brilliant casting, this. When College Softball is on ESPN >>>>> Hey cherry hehe howdy partner ;) Which HubSpotter's costume was your favorite? my apt my apt my apt!!:) ": Fuck you UEFA & FIFA for never giving Henry Ballon d'or or World player of the year" Make that a double Fuck you! Hear Hear Where were you on 9/11/2001? How as the day impacted your life 10 years later? Austin is my inspiration. Those 4 words are so true. He is and he will always be. Nobody or nothing will ever change that. I promise<3 The concert was awesome!!!! bro I've been wanting to meet with u and since last year! Let's make it happen! looked stunning tonight on reunion! #teamphiphi top3 and phuck the haters! Congrats Sharon Needles! just back from a recording session for next record - amazing stuff on the horizon! is working some magic! We always like to add to our sub list. That's where we get our teachers from. Send resumes to ! “: rock my world!” --> is it because I'm a geologist?! you are so lucky xo Went to Sushi-Mon on Silverado and Maryland. It's a busy place! Everyone seems to like it. $27 All you Can Eat. Consuming vegetables and fruits may reduce the risk of #Alzheimer, show studies in the United States and Japan. If you didn't see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind and your big mouth. great seeing you today and its on the way. You are a delight to have tea with! Thank you for following me on this journey! : ) I tweeted some of the articles from e!online. Whoa! Word on the street is has switched it up and gone Android on us! Whoa - some major changes afoot. You moving for good? On the sidewalk by the bustop outside the FAC? I KNOW!!! Well this is a surprise! Stephen Fry now on stage at #windowsphone London event. "What audience are we catering to?" said "The universe" I'm not even looking for fresh kits; be happy with not horrific... #livegive i love conairs products they work alot better then most First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU and Wednesday's Child tonight! That awkward moment when your parents take your joke completely seriously and you end up getting in trouble." The #Yankees and #RedSox are both on pace to lose 162 games this season. 4 straight hours on ref desk...BRING IT! It sucks when your horney and can't do anything about it.. big night...gotta come out of the woodwork Excited after a great weekend!!! Any Major Entertainbment News or Gossip Stories on Monday people are discussing Online? Home alone :( tonight I bid farewell to my 20s... ick. Not ready to be a grown up. YOU FAIL HARRY!!! Lol New Fueled By Ramen Band Announced Today! oh ok haha :) I'm surprised you've lasted this long. I love Tweetbot--it returns every feature the official app removed, making Tw. fun again. Pastor , Thanks so much 4 sharing w/ the world the word God has given you. Moved BIG TIME by your message on The Prayer of Jabez. no there isn't. Legos are amazing for anything. Is perch fish fry just during Lent? nope. Go for it. Please attribute. Btw, email me and if you want something specific you don't see. FACT! RT : Felix Hernandez is a beast. Whoever had this ipod before they pawned it and I bought it was my musical soulmate Not a fan of #IWishYouKnew how much I like you <\3 Good Morning.. Happy Monday. :) I was lazy in high and did not apply myself or work to my potential :( Wishing kids a safe & fun day off! Love, Come on in and get a rad tattoo! my next album is going to be so much better... Just came from a booksigning, never do these things, Fastest 10 seconds of my life!! Happy to see today. What a treat! Thanks Mike. First iPad app "Zombie Smackdown" is complete Oh that is rad still don't have a car eh? RT : I walk in then I turn up, pocket full of 100's, shawty got a tan like she come from the bahamas!! Thanks, can't wait to try it! Maybe in a club shipment soon? :) Have seen their 8-second interview clips on youtube yet? Have you caught that? Just making sure Very glad to hear that Black Rock sold, will be getting a theatrical release! Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic? Had a fun time at the Opening of Burn the Floor at with Do something nice for someone today, without expecting something in return, its called .. doing it from the heart! #shop by occasion, price or theme. great #gifts for everyone on your #shopping list. Ah nvm. The passed ball. Missed that in the box score. Lightskin Girls Are In.. After the game, tell her I'm still proud of her! A man, a plan, a canal, panama. Read it backwords I received +K in social media from Gracias!!! ;) Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe! Yeah, that was a bigger stretch than the whole dual realities thing (and Jason Isaacs having ethnic friends). Hope everyone is enjoying their first week back to school! New tunes for the new year #KnowHowToDance Get it on Leading worship tonight and feeling a little under the weather...hope the kids sing loud enough to cover me! Really need a job so I can move out at the en of the year! While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone. sextip Wy the hell am I still up? My eyes won't stop watering . Omfg. RT you never give up but you give all you have to keep life and goals In tack and for that you have ambition pride self respect for anybody Feelings fade, memories become a blur.. and you eventually realize that there's nothing you can do to stop it. Happy Platypus Day? ... Seriously?! O.O RT My sculptures are green, and they make an incredible impact on any workspace. My work is a great statement for corporations. Fairfax County Democrats renamed its annual fundraiser from Jefferson-Jackson to Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt Dinner, held in my district. Happy birthday Edward Gorey! New mens and womens tees arrived today from Attain Clothing Company! :D ok its at my school may 23((: ill buy your ticket at school ^_^ how many people have a library card and what is the name of your library system or systems you belong to "Only Those That Will, CAN!" A little something I just thought up as my personal Quote 2 remind me "why" on days that seem overwhelming. You rang? what brings you to our great city tonight? I know this game has been over since the first few minutes but can these announcers really show some interest in the #Broncos...once please What a beautiful day outside!! bummer. It was epic. We are a graphic design company. Our website is www.stardesignsa.com . Let's see what we can do to help you! Misses babe:/ I'll be in Portland though <3 :) hopin for good dreams, goodnight everyone, much love <3 I did and I'm not feeling 2 hot at the moment :( talk sir dont be denying the truth that your a real john cena fan i saw your post lol wrk out stop being so crapy Good job team Knicks going down. Have to have Amare for games like this. Today I am #winning! Both the village idiot and his follower admitted I was right and that he was lazy. Darn you for bringing mama's peanut butter cookies to HQs today. Good thing we're doing so much walking! crazy weekend. yep :) got any guys in your life?;) lol I can<U+0092>t thank you enough for this S%$# !<U+0093><U+0094>Mikey <U+0093>Biz<U+0094> Lopez Bronx, New York City Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. - Pamela Vaull Starr aint no maybe about it!!! LOL Wow-1,111 followers-very cool!!! That kid is good. A colleague of mine just found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work... what would you do in her shoes? White cake flavored vodka...amazing stuff; tastes like Baileys Irish Cream without the cream Merry Christmas :-) Man watching the #Celtics cook right now has me scares for my #Spurs chance at a championship if we are lucky and healthy enough to make it just made it to the house from geting choped lol damn niggas can't converse!? RT : Former NAACP chair Julian Bond to visit #NCAT 4/11. 5-7 p.m., new academic building as part of the Distinguished Lecture... not my couch darling, you should ask Geoff about that one! Yea don't care to be bothered at this point. m I want some. My dinner tonight sucked omg I'm I the only one who totally heard bebo's number clearly? lol,ok,You still wanna live in CA.,Thats cool oh that thing, yeah its fixed , cant believe people would get that mad over a joke. The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place. <U+2015> George Bernard Shaw you'll have to post pics when you do! Did I look particularly snarky today? I need to work on that. :-) “: Just available in IL, WI, and IN for now.. crew is working on expansion” IPA in MI nxt week. OH, GA jun 1 #Rangers are moving on! Win series 4-3 over #Ottawa with a 2-1 game 7 victory totally. Which do you look forward to more, Game of Thrones or Mad Men? The story of your innovative teacher just keeps getting better. Thank you for sharing it! wow, ridiculous column (again). Bama was handed BCS appearance, what did they earn? People like you screwed up the BCS. Sniffling through the afternoon while catching up on vacation/illness email and following up with recent SUG grantees. You might let Matt know. I'm sure he knows them as well as the listeners. I KNOW i know ! the nerve of some people in this world ! One of the most important things in a #relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. No one should die, being told their lives weren't worth living. Just finished teaching the last of this term's library instruction sessions for 2 awesome groups of students! “: Problems are only as big as you make them to be.” Good morning! We look forward to having you stay with us! If I can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask! Regret Nothing, Because At One Point It Was Exactly What You Wanted. I'll try my best! We perform tomorrow 2 also! RT : How many people would buy a nick barnett packer I phone app?? I would. a new website! check out www.cellofury.com and let us know what you think!! It's #friday13th!!! Your black cat should buy a lottery ticket! u coming thru today... Thank you so much! DM when u get a chance so that we can discuss a possible cell phone drive fundraiser for the #austinwomentech to benefit That sounds like an awesome job! older is so much better. 40s sucks but 30s are PRIME. Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word. I just use words like it :) temped to I follow you one of many battles in this beautiful country whose govt does have 'interesting' priorities. (; I had ice cream again!! You jealous? I just signed up to the in SF on June 2. You need to do the same. I got your back. This is your motivation! Call for local bands, DJs, & singer-songwriters: Interested in performing this summer at #BkSq? Email us at ! what video? The Holy Spirit leads, guides and prompts us …but He leaves the choices up to us. girl's attackers were so kind to cover up her indecent exposure when they torn open her shirt...how kind. ths literally made me sick that waz not funny ah mitch I miss you too can we be close again...? #CorporateGreed: Let me guess, the president is in on this as well? What I #respect more than #goals exceeded r #values honored. #character and people matter more than numbers. Build resilience. Diversity in geography, scale, production, backgrounds. Balance local w/ (inter)national. Great talk by Dr. Hamm Excellent. Looking forward to it. Schedule next semester is so chill 5 people thought I was a senior! Lol that makes me feel old! Filmmakers! Need poster/promo art for your film? Contact - she works cheap and does amazing work!! Hello! Looked like a beautiful day! I'm needing to catch-up on the iPad thing ;) exactly. i read story after the mclouth trade that it was about money. he makes more money churning prospects than winning. sorry I missed u today. Hope life is treating u well! That same damn time video got me geeked early in the am. Lol Trying to have a good time at #chuy's in Louisville, but the wait is long and the service slow. How do you top zombie drag queens? WRESTLING DRAG QUEENS! I love you, Ru Paul! yeah - done. Doneso i picked up embroidery and sewing. LadyNerds FTW! Thanks, Pardee. Send me your San Diego community news. Spent some quality time on the phone with American Wind Energy ad peeps today! text me pictures!! ahaha LA, yes? All these kids in my bed even if I had a man there would nt be room LMAO!! Been two years and I still have a MySpace account...160 messages, 109 from same advertising guy. Lol Someone tell him about Facebook Good stuff! lol! i have never even met this fool in person, i just had an internet tutoring session with him and he's asking for my digits! RT : Laying in bed and watching the eagles play this morning. Go get'em boys! One week until we play at Red 7! Was skeptical about crowd-sourcing until great session DC thanks for hosting it & everyone for participating Now following :)) if it's not like a movie. then that's how it should be. <3 katy perry rocks :DD is having a FB contest. Winner gets $25 Visa & a FREE 2 oz of HCG (if you need to lose about 30lbs) www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG Are you crazy lol,what are you gonna do with Cena hit him with your skateboard,you have made him mad now too Can't believe there is about a month & a little bit left of this school year. Excited to see you! Let us know what you have. RT : excited for dinner tonight at !! That's AWESOME!! sure thing let me know Good Afternoon Going to BNI... My son with aspergers wants a girlfriend. How do I go about this? .... Thanks Aidy. Don't know much about Klout. Have to check it out when I have more time....OMG another app to figure out!! My condolences to your hair. :-) How did it die? How about local music scene or summer festivals? We'd put #Lolla and street fests against any city. sitting here thinking that i got it made most people dont have the stuff i have so im grateful thank you jesus Info on seafood festival or getting involved with soft-shell crab distribution and/or consumption? We finished packing up our trucks this morning and their on their way to Orlando for the IAAPA show. It's almost here! This guy think he's funny right now…im so not amused…lol its mothers day..you gotta cook for her.lol Indy Reads Reading Coach Training this Wednesday and Thursday at the Indy Reads office from 6-9 p.m. Call 275-4040 to sign up! Thanks for the follow, Monty. Great to be connected with you! ooc; Awh, did your little master see our convo? of course(: OH : Editor #1: [singing] "I like pickles, I like lettuce... uh..." Editor #2: "Meow mix meow mix please deliver?" My pulse at the moment : ____________ For most men, yes, being nice to a person means they wanna sleep with them. No, it ain't "good" but that's how most men are. movie or kinect? RT : RT : Urban myth re: puts sugar on their fries & lettuce to make it addictive. NOT TRUE! # blogher11 thts so exciting!! i love both of you so it would sound amazing!! Hahaha and her road rage. well hey der ;) ready for some nashville?!?!?! #thisrapturesucks if anyone sent money to that fraud radio preacher, time to sue for fraud, you think? That Jeopardy's producers share our society's unjustified contempt for teachers. Note to self: if you let 2 different bottles of whiskey have only 1/2 a drink left in them, you WILL feel like a lush when they both empty I think the show is called everybody hates chris : P What's ur fav show ? The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10 you can be an escort lol Rude Ass hoe I ain't worried . yeah, i think you've nailed it man if you had to play a sport other than soccer, what would you play? I have a friend named Winchester on Facebook now. I love it. sure, but that only works for your immediate neighbors. You would want a wider net if your dog ran away #c4l12 REST precon - real diversity in the group - different skills and experiences. Good times. Looks like I'm gonna start watching now that my fave will be on it! So excited!!! RT : SIMPLY PUT: "Success begins with can failure begins with can't" <U+200E><U+200B>Divine's Roller Promo-Recommend f/ acne scar/stretchmark.Skin Matrix Roller Package only 1.700 K IDR incl 5x Roller+acne/firming serum. I hate that fag ! just got our Home Opener Tickets!! Thanks--just did that. Will see. Many are just online pretenders or Munch show offs. Community takes on many different meanings. RT : Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile. My new greeting as I work the room: "I see you! I SEE YOU!"*AVATAR meets VEEP!* ..works when u're busy & need peeps 2feel loved-(ish)! lol! I saw your post about having 21 Spotify invites and just assumed you were trying to get rid of them, haha. I will look at show and see if im ont it #YouCuteAndAllBut your personality Is ugly Waiting to hear from you #lonely <U+0001F630> same im so bored , i stayed in because i have no friends . jk but yeah , Going to watch my friends entertain me with jokes. YOOOOO you're man MARIANO RIVERA just tore his ACL rocking the NIKE AIR MAX 2012...guess he shoulda signed with Fila right? BITCH Thirsty Thursday! I love college. (; Why do they introduce someone just so they can introduce someone else? i never use that moneytree101 account. follow me on this one! not that i tweet much..... was sup At Ihop with Hard work and dedication I had the good fortune to meet #fredshuttlesworth. Thank you and all who work for Thank you and for a great weekend in Monterey, time to get home & Wow honestly. My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes buy We are a polite band so SUCK OUR DICKS PLEASE! Thanks! You da bitch POPS. For all those offended: "Nothing is sacred" Quit crying, PLEASE! I see , I fallow him now! you're going to hate me tomorrow. You're full of Sith. Haha, get it? I did it again. Did it seem in anyway not to be? welcome home! Sorry I just thought of this this morning. It's not "an escapegoat," it's "a scapegoat." I also think it starts with the product, it has to have something special about it, something that sets you apart. Aggravated pimping, as opposed to what? Photos by: , Styling by: & special guest models. . . Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending? go die. Hahaha I would hope not missy! LOL! Currently looking for a cheap place to rent or a roommate situation. You might be in luck. “: TODAY: i quit smoking weed.” LOL see me sucking down weak coffee and rushing to work with a "Flash CS3 For Dummies" book in my coolant-leaking Jeep.... Fuck yeah! Tomorrow pool party at my cousins house for his birthday <U+E42D><U+E00E> you im freaking tired The SJS Project salutes #JamesBaldwin on his birthday! Me 3! : Really enjoyed breakout session on lit pedagogy with Lol ok... didn't even do anything ... but oh well I guess lol I know! so when do u turn 17? 2nd Annual Naughty Leprechaun St. Patricks Day Bash - TONIGHT - Whip Lounge - 7pm-2am - Presented by AZ PartyLife Productions - DJ J.Alan Employment Opportunity: Marc Anthony Salon & Spa is looking for Stylists & Nail Techs! Attractive Commissions & Rent offered. Good suggestion, but I already have it. Heyy I just got home! Caught up in this damn triangle Sorry everyone, due to the breaking weather news the "March to New Orleans" special on 10TV and ONN will not be seen. If I can run 11 miles in a sand/windstorm, a half marathon on land should be a piece of cake, right? I'm going with yes. im really sorry yah pretty sure I've got that.. so what "raw" footage to send that ladies way? I haven't watched all the footage yet.. We provide therapy for adults with-Anger Management issues. LOL RT : Did Sarah Phillips give a Derby pick? Zillow Launches First Mobile App for Rentals You don't boss me around when it comes to Austin, okay? I say what I want. Life Lessons for the Day. Tell the truth, render just verdicts, don't scheme, and stop telling lies. on the hunt for a new wallet. not really Looking hard... I'll give you something to look at! I need a prom date now... liking you is such a challenge, i don't know what to do anymore. Will you be sharing anything in writing about #EdCafes? I'd love to learn more about it! Mort says #Manning to I was behind you and the first one closed on me Haha Ridicule is the Burden of Genius. - Daffy Duck Golden Globe and Oscar buzz for The Help. After all these years it's great to see the Beatles movie get the recognition in deserves. great day today! stay positive! i have a hawt new follower. :) Miles Davis: play the silences, not the notes. ~ John Kao #astd2012 {brilliant} #padcampli about to start! A belated thank you for the RT! who cares about KU! Let's talk Royals! those days happen. Mine was yesterday and it wasn't dresses, but hard drives. :) I actually took it very easy all weekend... Nice to relax! Glad it Encouraged you. RT : Finished #sunstandstill today. Thanks for the encouragement to pray audacious prayers. I want to love u, feel u, wrap my arms around u Braiding my own hair is straining my good smoking hand. Lol Big day. Made a twitter. I think I might also buy an iPad. Bigger day. Come down tonight to and hang out as we celebrate my homie 's Birthday!! will be DJing all night!! Major dilemma: It's frappuccino happy hour yet it's cold outside. What's a girl to do? So, lang itself not monolithic. Like other tech, it develops more sophisticated iterations. cf: Snowcrash Max Green "I like my dick dude! I needed spice up this interview, I figured I was already naked on here. But my favorite body part on other I have to be careful what I read when I'm writing fiction. I've heard other novelists say the same. A great time working the yesterday blown away (again) by the powerhouse of sound that is DZ! Can't wait to have her back... Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m. in Falls Church-now in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner. - Taking things slow with dis dude Praying tht this one work out well :) yes! I like where this is going. It will start with the ghost of Steve and an 8 ball. Then embed photos and/or video to tell the story of what is going on and why important. I won't forget :) I'll text you when I get home I can tell. & you think of them on the spot lol im wide awake dont even want to go to sleep ! Who wants a twitter group?:] Just got done finishing my content for a brand product... Even the simplest idea will set you free!!!! website building and Christmas song learning. I'm turning Little Django into Little Rudolph for one night only. Bitch will cut your brakes, to get your man <U+2702> I am off to a Miami book fair in less than two weeks to show off my books... This is so exciting I can't wait!!! I'm on my phone & the Dean comes in yeah I had a heart attack. RECONSTRUCTION: Something rebuilt after being damaged or destroyed-Civil War & South-Globalization's effect industrial education; Lesson of the day: don't say shit on Facebook that you wouldn't say to someone's face. You look dumb as fuck right now! very cool video! Grover Norquist and David Cay Johnston on #realtime should be interesting. I hope stays out of the way congrats katy! :-) #csa12 Geary: Recidivism rates are about being unable to fulfill the mandate of parole, which is impossible to survive without breaching it. TONIGHT! The staged reading of DIARY OF BLACK MEN": "How Do You LOVE A Black Woman", at the HAYWORTH THEATER in LA 2511 Wilshire Blvd. 8pm! Wow. MT Confirmed: 6 people dead in #Oikos shooting. CM Larry Reid tells "It's just another sad day in my city." early morning workout?! I'm wide awake but could not do that right now lol the death of one innocent is 1 too many don't get me wrong pls The great thing is I'll still get to visit ;) Thanks for the kindness! Guy next to me is mad Sedar held Ramirez at 3rd.. Then continued to complain about how conservative the #Brewers base running is... Remember...no matter how pretty they are, somewhere someone is tired of their shit. I have gotten to see more bands today then I did ! Outstanding! Welcome to Twitter Barb! Lets go Bulls!!! Pumped about #Fleurdelicious -- Louisville Restaurant Week! So many yummy places to check out! :) No one else in my band has a reference to our band name in their twitter name...so...here ya go, world.. Is this the newest form of "Tebowing?" (#TimTebow @ just started. Please come!!! #SecretTurnOn Kissingg My Neck OMG im #HOT now just talked to about you and the show. She said great things about you... my question, are they true?! ;) i may have taught you everything you know, but i haven't taught you everything i know ;-) it does too! Boy I want YOU I miss you too kiddo. You're never around, you always making bank. Loyalty is the pledge of truth to oneself and others serving the ones who fight alongside you watching your back when you need it most Tomorrow night in Metry!! New booklet offers 10 Tips to Make Your Newsworthy. Click Free Downloads on our website @ #kidscreen - people have Harley tattoos. It's a corporate logo; no one has Procter & Gamble tattoo. Make emotional contact. Listen to #prettyprogressive on-the-go! Download "Live 365" on your iPhone or Droid, search "UCTC radio" & stream live tomorrow at 11 CST! - ha! good to know. can i put that in my column? What a game! You guys know you can get a free shrimp app, a good chance at winning a $50 gas card and possibly a free vacay at Goldfish or #OneThingYouShouldntDo Request a Linked-in Connection without actually calling the person first, or at least writing a short intro note Fantastic lunch at Cremini mushroom soup & salad w pears, blue cheese & dried cherries. And wood-fired s'more can we give a shot out for #DiaDeLasMadres (Mother's Day) cuz in #Mexico it's today, for all them beautiful Latinas I'm listening to all your songs<3 Being a father has brought me a happiness that I had never experience before. I absolutely love my twins and love being their father. Staples just delivered the long awaited supplies to the office. That was easy. no but I have a dollar for you tho. USA, Black Buying Power is $1.1 Trillion. We spend 96% outside the black community. Remaining 4% is left to try and make ends meet. I totally would if Moscow was off I90, but the schedule is too tight for a detour. Groupon users are young, women, highly educated w/ a lot of $$$ to spend you guys are the best! RT Great fun helping deliver her goodies this afternoon! When times get rough,hold on,reas more,pray more and expect and wait on ya blessing Hahaha, calling someone a sl*t because they sleep with married men is called speaking truth, not putting them down ;) Spend some time walking on soft ground and you just might start to appreciate a broken sidewalk. I see where your heart lies, my dear. I have an e-ARC for a September book I must tell you about. The Shazam integration in the #Supernatural broadcast was phenomenal! Great for taped sports broadcasts baby bird flying inbound in T-minus 6 days...requesting clearance for landing. thanks for tweeting about g.l. Tonight on being the D-Town hottie! Loll at love and hip hop they going hard @ the DMV! After 3 years I finally get to see, how good it will feel to be back behind the WHEEL! THANK U GOD. I will cherish my privilege! tell me about it RT - WIMA has learned that the Jacksonville Jaguars have released Elida/Mt. Union grad TE Kyle Miller as part of final cutdown Morning boys and girls in the process of ordering what will hopefully be the final proof for our first book. Keep haters confused by smiling, no matter what they try against you. Hey, you too! Glad to see your essay highlighted! Just a guess. Is super cozy? Let's make it sooner than later We must plot something awesome to do! hope you received my email. Few points I left out. Take another look. Could be a good fit. Haha, -I'm- not the famous one here. Sophie's taking all the glory (and giving a little to my Gordon-Freeman-lookalike roommate) You'll truly be miss Anthony. #RIP <U+2665> Thank you for the follow as well. WOW!! That's some serious mileage! Can't wait to see the pix. Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :)))) I'm buying you a hula hoop Wrong for me to think my boss is hot? that's the same refund you get for rain on vacations, right? Late May, contingent on construction. Have you talked to a membership advisor yet? Dre just broke Paul Pierces ankles Wish me luck people going job hunting #nodisrespect #1mancomment..but why Erica got ah fatty..lol..#henessy.. ...always looking out for ur peeps..thanks x please do!!! We should all get together for a drink or something! Let me know in advance in case any events happening! Hate to hear TO/Mothers of his children are on Dr Phil talking about their problems. Should be handled in private, children involved. no fair! we had some freezing rain last night.. some folks in the area had some snow.. I miss snow! checkin out the API. What are minimum iOS requirements for apps to use? Love Richard Gere in 'Shall we dance! Yankees gonna sweep the O's Just saw an ad for TIme-Life DVD collection of the complete Six Million Dollar Man. Can't resist Steve Austin (he was in my senior thesis) replace them all. Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen? Confusing cause it shows up on my home page like I sent to the world. I just want you to know that you deserve the best your beautiful<3 God's plan is His power used in and through us. We must refuse to live a less than life. Pizza for dinner to new york but I'm here now! We will (& we'd love to attend a little fun networking thing) :) That was me until I reset my AIM password. what'd ya think!? that's what "hair and make-up peep" are for! I don't think so :D Allergies like no other you think you're gonna win this poke war but you're not.. (; Left a comment on the posting. That song brings back so many good memories :-) I can't help you fix yourself but at least I can say I tried. I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life. Seems #teamMilwaukee twitter fam will be at bowlero tonight to celebrate a lovely ladies bday 2nite I don't no em but sounds fun can't make tonight, playing at Blarneystone. Glad I got to see Dave last week! Dude rocks. Follow us and hear the latest in #News, #Entertainment and #Sports! The buying and selling of tax liens by investors really is fascinating. I've got to believe it'll be reformed somehow this decade. Poor Mark <U+0001F614> Seriously, could be cool. But truth is publishers need output to all formats. Will MSFT do KF8? 105 degrees. For the rest of our sale 10.5% more off. A total of 60.5% off all our sale items!! 2727 Exposition or 4301 William Cannon. Thanks. I'll give it a look. I found you! U know ya got senioritis really bad when you've already skipped class 3 times this semester & hit the gym instead! As of now yay Victoria Walsh followed meh, ! That made my whole day. ;D yes, and yes. S/O to my newest follower to follow her (: Thanks to the Hundreds of friends that came to our Rebirth Brass Band Grammy Victory Party 6 Ward I remember being young tryna hustle my dope. Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap You're welcome! Thanks for having me! I'll keep checking back to interact with the peeps. =) Heading your way tomorrow! Yay! RT Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy the tweets about the #Kenosha area! Hopefully i'll have updates on the book soon thank you for walking me through news release #2 thank you for walking me through correction RT : Charlie Gibson reports that when POTUS calls Axelrod, the ring tone is Signed, Sealed, Delivered I sent you a direct message. Let me know if you have any questions. that's actually the correct way to abbreviate million. One m is thousand. if I wasn't, like, falling asleep as we speak, I'd totally be there! #nevertoolateformimosas lol k twitter i am back i thot would take longer than i thot but nope but i am back i got a shower brushed my teeth got dressed whent out Remember the group hug at the Dbacks Astros game? How is everyones Sunday morning going!? Let us know That is so cool of you! Yes only available online and as an e-book yeah I did like it! it's exactly how I feel towards haters. They're just annoying as hell. But whatever! schipp's clearly a very intelligent & hygienic dude :) RT : I dont kno who Schipp is I love getting breakfast ready to the sounds of my 3 & 2 year olds yelling letters to Super Why I can't believe you admitted publicly to having watched that "film"! Hah. Morning TWEEPie'Kins! Breathe....belly-back & ribs...sustain....Now INTONE......Ah h.... ND must clutch for me too. Losing isn't an option haha I know! Whatever they had bad hair. Both of em! People not only see how good or bad you are from what you do, but also from what you don't do........ ROAD TRIP! :) actually im mostly spanish u dumbass racist piece of shit. and think im a rapper?...maybe u didnt see which label im on How do we remain in the "perfect curious state" in relation to technology and change? dhh at Happy birthday to , a great and talented friend. . Got any discounts on outdoor furniture? RT Looking for a good deal on an inexpensive patio set. Omg RT : NEWS: ''Real Housewives of Beverly Hills'' star releases song named after her $25,000 sunglasses If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader yess -__-so annoying but i'm bored and he's the only one that texts back so i guess :( Lmao ima girl wit dreams and i want them to come true so wat im doin is im gonna be on americas got talent thx to justin bieber inspiring me haha yea she's adorable. Come visit her one day I own a digital marketing company, lecture at a university, have a radio show & am trying to sell a couple TV shows currently You might be spoiling me with too much love but you're gonna make me lonesome when you go. -Bob Dylan What will 2012 bring to Kloibers? MORE ENGAGEMENT RINGS! Yes, we are expanding our bridal line! :) We also hate passive sentences! Let's make Joseph Kony famous Thanks Dezel. Look forward to meeting. omg I forgot about #TheWantedAtBillboard!! That's so exciting! Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. The biggest childhood lie ever told. Words do and always will have power! Are you excited for the meet and greet with Mary Kay Andrews this week? We sure are! Join us at the Tifton Library! wait your in Worthington right now ? Idk why people think that's an acceptable thing to do my first sad tears at work: Maurice Sendak. exciting, how will you be celebrating? Yikes, man :( Hope it gets better before the day's out. Glad things are looking up. Yesterday was one of the worst days in my life!!! I should know by Wednesday! already ate, in the locker room #andiPOOPEDinmypants! Lol #FF Stay in touch with some good ones! Thank You do much! You are Awesome!! is a Lucky Duck!! My #FridayReads: Memory of AllThat :George Gershwin, Kay Swift, and My Family's Legacy of Infidelities by Katharine Weber. Sad & riveting. Ok thanks to I am now officially hooked on Downton Abbey. why you leave :( And....Rory joins Scenes from Rogers Park: "Yep, Obama's here" "How do you know?" "Because 4 giant military helicopters just flew over our house." Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory. Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio? i love u please notiice me #Drummer Boy# My family is the best When I hear 's "Refill", I feel it! You can't deny it! Love that song!!! Welcome to UK. Give em hell. How can I work on a beautiful day like today knowing I'm going out for drinks right after? "...it is not our fault that people are poor, but it is our responsibility to do something about it." Richard Stearns, Pres. World Vision What??? Never!!! How could u accuse me of such a thing??? Lmao RT : lmao lies I imagine you have quite the screening process for new projects. Do you just not worry about the ones that don't fit? or refer? ...check ya inbox bro !! MT On Ref Desk: Just asked for resources about hipsters. Referred student to obscure databases they'd never heard of before. GOT MY TICKETS FOR KNOXVILLE....WOOOHOOOO! <3 ME SOME SUGARLAND! u nd me both pal did u start that report for gym BIG #CyberMonday sale on NOW aint no boy "fina" tell me what to do and expect me to do it , thats an automatic no-no I got my mom & sister to vote this morning! Even my mom's ass of a boyfriend listened to me! Lol I voted 40 times yesterday Unbelievably long lines at DCA at 5am. Never been happier to have frequent flier status. Its my homie from high school he gettin by , time to bury another brother nobody cry Yes but I also sent you two alternatives. What do you think? i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or #brainPARKOUR <3 Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:) You hit me like the sky fell on me && i decided you look well on me ;D 8th grade boys are freaking out at #Nemo getting stuck in the filter. Hee hee! One person with the belief that he or she can own their home is equal to the force of 99 people who only have an interest in home ownership. God brought 4 ppl in2 my life. John dye,Della reese,Roma downey n Valerie bertinelli. I love those like family. I admire them so much Oh! I'm sorry....I hope it get better Just got out of a session about texting in museum settings... Very hot topic lots of discussion... Listening to country music... wait, what?! Thank you guys for the birthday wishes/shout outs/pictures and all that. I swear I have the bestest friends EVER!!!! <U+0001F382><U+0001F381><U+0001F389> #NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls “: or what?! (slowly slides finger on unfollowing button)”lol you ain't real RT : RT : you can tell Don Draper is a missouri fan with his lack of speed and poor tackling form Time to get some rest tonight....then back to work before finals!!! those summer memories are just around the corner! Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right. #ThinkAboutIt #MakePositiveChange #BelieveInYourself<U+0001F44C> Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread. Both contribute to make the whole picture bea Finnaly get to go home and and Happy Wednesday too! I would totally not fit into that little area Aw, thanks for that, Marina! Happy Thursday to you! :) Txt the number. Im bord AF now Guess what! Video Brothers is offering to film one #Wedding for #FREE this month. We are looking to build our portfolio and you could be it! do you know anyone living in N Bloomingdale who's working from home today? Ppl in line are sharing stories of how cute their kids are when they mispronounce words. Oh joy! I say kids should be seen not heard! Thanks Uncle Good thing I'm a badass, huh. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to walk around alone all the time. Thanks for the retweet! :) Those smoke free commercials are hecka convincing No need to be embarrassed! As I said in my post, I should have thanked you a long time ago. Everyone I contacted felt the same. interesting. I think the gunslinger analogy hold up, though. Thnx 4 the kind words guys. WE only succeed when WE don't give up....as your other tweet, RE: founders, so eloquently puts it. :-) You just steal my heart. Love you honey. xoxo If its not a game...why follow rules? How about following your heart and doing what makes YOU happy. known i have kept a tmobile account for a reason they are doing it for Chipper Jones too! Idiots Saw the Avengers, which was obviously awesome. lmaooo “: How did Katy Perry even go out with that piece of shit?” Thanks for all the tweets from #EdTechForum. Happy to be able to follow along! Evansville's Forever 21 is crazy right now! Do you really believe you'll be released in the market place and have a lot that like you? Encourage or support you? i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 !! By the way.... We are 7 min from the stadium. You like?! That's great! RT : This #SmokeHouseBbqChickenSub from subway... Baby let's roll with it :) oh and how did the buckeyes do today?? Lol RT : Sigmas that can Sigma Walk without tripping on your own feet @ me Oops. The show is called Fatherhood. oh no shit just got REAL! You're taking this shit public!!!!!! Grades are in. Let the wild rumpus begin. thats why we stand by Bo Ryan, he's not a scary coach. I still preferred he try to draw up a play. I'll be back in the US next week and all over my 8 online accounts and 4 phone lines!!!! who is vincent?? I love my mini mab bag Yes it does!! Let's go! Great show! Also we're excited to see you when we get back. Congrats!! #milwaukee What motivates you to succeed? yes it is raining. I'm a happy man. Online classes are horse shit Robert Frazier made a full court shot in practice yesterday. Congratulations to our models & talent on booking the Peter Piper Pizza Commercial! #SignatureEqualsSuccess... way to go everyone :-) Some guys are ridiculous, I swear.. really started noticing cats be hatin' just to hate..like can I just give someone a compliment without someone saying something negative? Wow. My wife is giving away free bookmarks & plates to promote her new book. People love them. She's had over 2000 blog visits today. :') OMFGGG, idc I'm making it up to you some kind of way!! thanks bro umm how much you will to pay sick and his crew paid me $15 for a logo/avy and default and avy Students are evaluating me in the other room. still looking like a bill. But they're not too bad though Well shit!!! “: "First Egypt ruins my Angry Birds moment, not the President ruins my Super Bowl buzz." That's why I love ” lol ricky he was joking around we just found it <3 You know, sometimes my eyes just get tired of crying too much..and its all cause of that 'thing'>:'( after this first million........... No matter if its in a bottle, or on tap. its Sheryl Crow tells #stagecoach crowd she's making a country album with the help of tonight's headliner Brad Paisley. Just scored 98 tickets to the tulane baseball game when we are in NOLA. Oh word? Lesean mccoy is similar to barry sanders? These look more realistic, though admittedly I didn't log in: gk2gk.com sweetongeeks.com nerdpassions.com Proud to be following , Twitter account of the National Writers Union (UAW). I belong, & value the NWU's efforts for writers. RT We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle -Excellent advice for new lawyers If you tell the truth, i tbecomes a part of your past. If you tell a lie, it becomes a part of your future.” : My mug is going to have vampire fangs! Here's a quick read: www.trisefbook.com Rose!!! No!!!! Bulls gonna have to do things without him :/ you're welcome! Sad that Svuem is leaving 2 the Cubs but happy for him personally. He should of gotten the Brewers gig full time after Yost flew by dude. Too fast! Ugh. Thanks 4 the follow! I keep thinking about this over and over again. I should of gone for you when I had the chance. But no That was like the laziest bike ride of my life. Oh well, got in a good 10 miles I would too; but only with bluegrass as soundtrack.... First Friday downtown and I'm on call...must. be. well. behaved. Yes I'm excited, I've enjoyed 'mild winter,' but I'm ready to get people excited to enjoy the snow our state has to offer! The amount of ice sonic puts in their drinks should be illegal Join my linkedin Mercedes Benz Group of Baltimore Washignton. Look out world just swam a 21.98 lcm 50 free. Broke Brett Hawke's textile record. I've already got a game-buying hangover from the Summer Sale and we're only halfway though! Thanks! We've been moving stuff around a bit in the spirit of spring, redecorating and stuff....you know :) If the DOJ really wants to help #ebook competition, they should require ePub adoption across all devices There playing M83 at Duke lacrosse camp in love Yeah its January 4th and its after christmas but I still listen to UNDER THE MISTLETOE... so? :) Enjoy! :) RT thanks for the free download :) What would you consider to be your favorite fish to eat? Thanks for the follow. Would you be interested in adding my music to your playlist? How can you call yourself a man if you don't know squat about cars? I mean seriously? What is our world coming to!? That's what I thought but haven't seen them yet. The website is down right now. Waiting for the cork to pop and the party to drop. Outstanding! RT : went to the gas station, got a 44oz cherry icee and went back to bed. yeah baby its about to be another fun summer <3 &rest good luck w/ BCEFA benefit tonight! Many thanks to everyone who joined us for the first ever gala! Great seeing & Happy birthday and !! thats how I feel if I leave my phone at home from working on a Friday or Saturday...boo. ": # Welcometochicago where they think Harolds on 87th && Dan Ryan is the best!!!" Key word think i hope peyton doesnt go to denver rad! much appreciated! Annoy a Yanks fan:Tell him you saw the most riveting interview of ARod. Turns out, it was just a documentary on paint drying. You're still tweeting to Americans, Lisa! #YouKissYourMotherWithThatMouth? RT : cook is cock in Norwegian... kiss the cock. you're not getting great weather for your visit! Any time to grab coffee while you're in town? NYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news & photos w hashtag hi from twitter http:// i love you so much Getting a pedicure is pointless.. Heading put on a jet plane don't know when we'll be back again... #Tampa xoxo It is official. I am holding our vendor passes. Three Heads is going phishin'. See you in Watkins I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GO TO CLASSICAL TOGETHER Normally I'm a mojito girl, but you can't have a derby without a julip! ...big changes are coming...call mem to find out. My brotha love you USO! love you bro and it was good seeing you! Glad to hear the Pats signed a former UB Bull..Trevor Scott and I now have something other than the New England football in common.. understandable :-) Just know that we're here when you're ready. is lying! There is a second season, in which I'm going to appear in! Well in this case it would be several...uh...several, several times. ;) The retina display on #Apple's new #ipad has you seeing crystal clear? Let open your eyes to the coolest app developers around! maybe will get a clam tat? Ewwww sorry Thanks Gail and looking forward to conversation with you all! Good Morning Everyone! The easiest job at the Newark airport is the United "help"desk. Don't let me wake you, guys. Ah. shiny = bad for eyes. Got it. Thanks! (I hope my shiny jeans and my shiny bling aren't too bad for my eyes, though!) No call # on many #ebooks in #library catalog, so can't do online browsing or create feeds of new purchases by broad subject area. Nice post. Use of "curation" in archives/library space is fun to debate. We should discuss some time. Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside? This time they blogged vehement panting Well I technically did put it on because she doesn't know how to use the remote but she's the one who wanted it on. hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh HAHAHAHAH OW I MISSED YOU SO MUCH 12 mile run first, THEN derby party and wedding time! damn u already sleep like u dead we Dnt need u to kill nothing in the back of that bih The best revenge is to be successful. It is to stay strong & move forward in life; never stopping, never giving up, never take a step back. I Want Some Mcdonalds, Somebody wanna brinq me some ? lbs Watching Cheech and Chong and smoking is like watching the Food Network while eating so glad your here friday:) 2nd vote on City Council Pos. 3, neither Meacham or Harrell got 60% votes, so no endorsement on this position. thank you!!! I'm gonna win 's One Direction contest;) will do. The Scottsx2 and Friends would shake LA up. Can't wait to see u. Facebook is like a fridge. When you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it. Blonde before graduation. Yaaaaay! Yeah, and I love how he already has haters. You know you're good if you're 19 and already have a ton of haters. you're a good girl. you were able to contain yourself. gah so stressed out right now! last night in dc until 2012!! The only thing that endures is character. Fame and wealth--all that is illusion. All that endures is character. At angel event listening to #fundraising+you too bad Miami Heat. >>>> <U+2764><U+2764> DONT YOU CALL ME A BANDWAGON. I've liked Miami before Lebron ok. <U+2600><U+0001F334><U+0001F525><U+0001F498> - I'm so Sleepy Buht My New Friend Said He Fina Cum Ova So Hell I Guess I'm Fina Chill With Him ! I bet you did better than you think! I'm not sure how I did... but I'll find out soon I tried to help but chattered, and then we all ran off depressed. I'm excited to work the Susan G. Komen race tomorrow! thanks M. Been riding 40 miles in an hour on a bike almost every day. Loving the fit life. Chilling at my dads I like ron paul in the debates...he's all hardcore purist lol looms LARGE in final minute of Lakers/Denver: huge 3, steal & locks down Ty Lawson on last possession, forcing a bad shot. Thanks & i told my dad i didnt want to be set up..lol the joy's of summer. jumping in the lake, fire works, carnivals, eating Monday sucks omw up this school -.- LeBron will miss one Have a lovely weekend! A great song can really change the course of your day! Stafford is the safer choice and while there is a chance Tebow has another great game, I'm thinking Chi/Det is a shootout I bet most of y'all is sleeping on me. When A Girl Tells Youu Not To Care She's Telling Youu , Youu Need To Care More! I just had three grown OSU fans (45+) try to fight me because I asked them to provide evidence of Calipari cheating. A burger for breakfast? Come try our Breakfast Burger made with a hamburger patty, fried egg, cheese and tomato! U always show me luv norbes, U know I know what it is! I felt like this 2 beers ago. We'd love to hear about your #Culture & #FamilyTraditions. Tweet us your story. If I had a This Is My Jam account, at this moment it would tell you Bravestation's 'White Wolves' is it. Not yet-- I'm still looking for it myself-- I'll let you know if I find it! the same Tinsley that shot up Indianapolis in a drive by? When did he get out of jail? Did everyone enjoy #AAA2011? Favorite parts? There was a good practicing anthropology presence this year! when walks in on you naked....meh whatevs Finally looks like the Lakers are going to get their first win. Its about time!! You have helped me survive myself for many years. Thank you. LOL Yeah Quite A Lot Of Times Ahahaha So much wasted time, breath, brain cells... Chicago, IL- need females with good hair for hair show. No nudity. No weaves. Pay is 1,500. (Casting Code B3) I'm a man of the people! I bet you if I try hard enough I can read my sister's mind :P ...aww thanks girl made my night <U+0001F49A> Thank You for following us at actinginla.org Following you too! big up you all! Soul, thanks for the love! so bummed I'm missing tonight :[ I'm currently searching for a seasoned Paralegal with experience overseeing Corporate Filings, managing a Contract Management System & serv… i'm totally unclear as to why we need to purchase a product from a vendor to make a list of our bibliographic databases. HOTTER NEW RELEASE Hell Slithers Lust Simmers in new Florida Thriller "PYTHON" BY Carina Nolan only 7.99 amazon AJ Hawk was resigned...they cut him for business reasons and JS says he is signing 5 year contract You are so welcome! Tangerine Tango is such a fun color! Hate to see people shy away from it, even in staging! I agree...I be out my body rumor has it that they were going to assign Chuck Lorre to the Rosie show as a writer. ;-) Thanks Jeremy! FOLLOW BACK A Bengals blog said that the Browns pick of Weeden was a bad investment? That's like Greece giving Portugal financial advice. The GWJ reaction to that was lukewarm IIRC, but then we still have a fairly active X3 community. Let us know what you think. now playing : - ya man ain't me :) Donald Sutherland isn't completely to blame for his car vs I saw Blake Shelton last year at a small casino, great show! What is the most notable difference in styles? Aspire higher! I know that Jesus died for us! But I couldnt tell you who the other side was, so I parallel double park that mothafucka sideways! Not a chance :) Woke up with my American flag bandana still on my head Tv: "silly rabbit, trix are for kids!" my mom: "and whores too, cause they turn tricks...." Infographic made by me (Salil). Sorry for confusion - attributing for inspiration on edu uses. Good Morning, New England.... You invest in facebook ? lol!!!!! I hope this won't be used as evidence in court or we're pretty fucked. Rain in the forecast. Be sure your wiper blades work. At Express Lube, we carry a variety of wiper blades to fit your vehicle. WAY WAY too many tweets. It's not worth it to follow anymore. Bummer. I guess I'll follow again next winter yup..i gotm!! ... your usual clinical scope of practice. Other option is have all participants sign arbitration agreements. “Jazz today, as always in the past, is a matter of thoughtful creation, not mere unaided instinct." ~Duke Ellington Just caught a moth in midair... Why is it that old men are always trying to talk to me Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan for sure, and when I'm not tired and can jump higher than 2 1/2 inches.. <U+0001F609>Haha you probably think I'm pathetic.<U+0001F60F> "Bomb shell much?" Hahahaha I love you(: Glad you like it. I am still using for work stuff. Dietrich Bonhoeffer - paraphrased thought from "The Cost of Discipleship": "The disobedient cannot believe; only the obedient believe." -Do you want to feature your pieces for this video doll? Email me! xox It's been a while since I posted something here . . . What should I say? :D y u reading my tweets about my gf doe? (j John Hughes would read Mitt's bio and be all "that's a little over the top." Maybe don't call it "Cranbrook"? No car elevator? Bout to get this board out the shop this week...u niggas have no idea as to what is about to happen....... We need this game tonight, show what y'all can do. Go Bulls!!! God bless you. Bracing for a week of madness: the Detroit Auto Show, followed immediately by the Consumer Electronics Show. I'm transcribing an interview and I still don't think I sound as Southern as y'all make me out to be On the train enroute to the Clinton Global Initative in NY. I love the train gives you time to think. Think? Really? Try it YES! - Interest rates have dropped crazy low! Saving people hundreds per month on their mortgage. Before you submit applications or have... I demanded name of radiologist who read my xray, NO ONE could tell me, patient advocate told me go upstairs to biz office & request record! Yah and copy me! Thats cool! #gawddamnitdonny RT : First interview tomorrow. If I get that job daddy's getting a black duramax Don't feel very well -_- think I'm gonna go have a Cold shower to wake me up! <3 I have one of these in my fridge!! lol Single-handedly staging a Trash Cab boycott Who's with me!? yea I guess 27 rings does make us look pretty ;) i'll drop it off next time i'm near your house just followed ya. follow me back ? :) oh hope u get 2.2K ! All the best with everything. Sorry to hear. yeah that wasnt enough.... A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3 Sherlock. So good. Home for the day. Made it in time for breakfast! Going through the endless App submission process, try to get my Apps out to the masses! Have a good one! DonnO Fuck, McDonalds makes some good ass double cheeseburgers. It's game time! Everything may not be how I want it but it's exactly how I need it<U+0001F60A> why not? validate that statement. Based on his body of work he's more than qualified to be a superb QB. Out wit my bias and Im lookin like the summertime....its cold now you better not be talking to me shit stain cause I'll kick yo as ~ #RelationshipsAre Awesome . BUT I'll never get one . Thanks for the mention If I had it my way, I'd skip work today and go play 8 hours of table top Ms. Pac Man at the Musee Mecanique arcade. nice slim to the face sucks. Meeting my brother by the bounce house and he's late, so now I look like a pedofile creep. Good Morning Everbody! Have rehersal. Love you guys! xx A This stage is where the advertiser is building awareness of their product SIICK!!! RT : LIVE PERFORMANCES, free food and more at Rock High School's Block Party SUN 5&7PM Rock Church Ha! The weapon was formed, took its best shot, be I'm Still Standing! God is so faithful to me. Catchh Me When I Fall , Simply Flaws &All . Nf , can o get a follow back? Support our friend YOGA GIVES take a class this August! Bring your kids to BOL Board Member Susie Lopez's kids class, every Thursday at 4pm! letestu gone. room for sid for friday!!!!! I hate it when I can't find the songs i'm lookin' for on youtube. All I see is peoples coverings. I guess my mental library is too enhanced. I asked the surgeon if she dreaded or loved hammering metal in to bone. she loves it. Nothing like hearing a favorite JAM right before you #crossfit Aahhhhh!!!! :D Who watched the #DavisCup this weekend? Go USA! U wanna be my man but u gotta girl ride a bike to work. RT reporting deal with Knicks is very close Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical a**hole and a beater. i feel like i'm always tweeting about how happy i am lately.. and i LOVE it ve your level im bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball A week from tomorrow for the next YAA show. Wishing the best for all those nominated. Damn, yeah I'll trust you with that. I drop my phone so much too. I was kinda leaning towards the HTC anyway. Thanks gurrrrrl! College Life when your actively learning .. And succeeding at fulfilling your goals in life! I'm done. Too damn tired and annoyed. can you ask Brandi? Suz is coming but might be late. We really need to figure out who the hacker was. This wasn't appreciated at all k. So I def read what you put on brys wall an I just died laughing ! You made my day ! <U+0001F602><U+0001F44D><U+0001F49C> I wouldnt worry too much about that Vernon prick, he is a Sun reader after all - How mundane. For a refreshing change when it comes to managing your business telecoms... Call Globalnet Telecom. 0844 880 2010 I'm not even going to lie no I sure didn't will u send me the link again and I will check it out right now! Rewatched Watchmen last night. It was a bit more comprehensive, which sadly made it a bit less enjoyable. the ridiculous amount of Khloe and Lamar posters that immediately showed up everywhere. And the real estate coverage. is the best friend that I could ever have in the entire world. Thanks dude! We're actually just finishing up rebuilding it, so you caught us at a good time! Hope ya keep diggin it! I'm so happy with my mac makeup and broadband card!!! Now I can do hmk in peace!! Yay!!! I love my life!! But more $$ is nice!! know what I don't get? my TL is slowing down. The daughter, Persephone, ate pomegranate seeds while in Hades and therefore had to spend half of the year in the Underworld. PRADA SPRING/SUMMER 2012 WOMEN'S ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN blah - running late, still at work. Hope we'll make it by 7:30! Sodom & Gomorrah were real Jesus referred to those cities Revelation says another destruction greater than that is coming stop mocking God Adam Dunn can't field a ball and the announcers don't mention it. Nice miss Dunn. Tivo the bottom of the 5th if you missed it. i hate papers wats up slimthugga love your music loving vaca in TN! taking home a sweet little stray kitten! Thank you so much :) I'm exhausted as fuck :( I love em all I just love me more <U+0001F498> Talking about UDC and the Housing Production Trust Fund. Ill bet its nice to be indoors. Fuckers. Sorry #MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder. Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost. Just had the friendliest cab driver ever on the way to HOU. Bernard and I talked sports the whole ride. U did, but that's ur job & ur good at it lol> : I had an "Oh Shit" Moment about 24 mins ago...WHO!!! lol The life of an AGENT! How does money counteract racism? Mad work to do in such little time. Well, look on the bright side NC, you can still marry your cousin! Have a Terrific Tuesday everyone! I hate ants and their uncanny ability to find and crawl over anything sweet. <U+0001F621> Please ignore my last two tweets! Is this what a poker pro should see when he pictures the next 40 years of his life, grinding every day? Up thinking about the new arrangement.... its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me. Just let me sleep! Monarch is so pretty!!! ESPN NBA - Knicks PG Baron Davis has torn ACL and MCL in right knee along with partial tear of patella tendon Anybody wunna chill? Built like a steakhouse, handles like a bistro PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible." In an extremely odd tribute to MLK Jr., I'm going make chicken teriyaki, drink champagne and watch the Golden Globes tonight. If you keep on asking "Isn't Newt an elite too?" then you really don't understand the politics of grievance. in ATL was so good last night. making up dance combos to ingrid all week. be ready students. RT : The high lights of my day I met Bill de Blasio that was awesome and I saw some of friends after so long what is that? I just noticed that the snake on 's website is animated. Just talked 2 the bus driver who alerted her school after she saw a student get into a strange car. You're going to love this one. It's fascinating how the art world is just like the world itself; boring and repeating itself infinitely! Yeah, I guess my question would be, "why might you be studying the use of the optative for that long of period?" Woohoo! Get the activity warmed up :) Look forward to hearing about it... Nobody said it was easy oh, like women are any better. i thought Lucille Ball could sing when she was young no? it is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a LONG time!!!!! I hope you enjoy it! We are having a monster week... Sat @ the MOOSE - Peach and Tomato Gazpacho - Ground Beef Chili - Cous Cous and Crab Cake Tacos - Follow Me Please!? 76 So, How was Bonnie? My dishwasher (the machine, not me) sucks Put him in my pocket. #success >:) Kind of bummed about my lack of followers. Maybe if I was clever. Um. Soup? late game offense in some nba games is just horrible. Haha yep! Should be pretty sweet! 3 firefighters injured from lumber mill explosion. The details on this morning! RT : CHIGGER HILL, in DeKalb County was named in 1918 for the larvae of mites that infested the hill on which it is located. Hm.. ought let in on that one.. she watches Celebrity Apprentice. I'm not sure if the times are synced.. love your voice, come to new york, we will provide you with the best spanish experience Man watched the new episode of big time rush hilarious I'm straight edge with leaving out the smoking part. Don't drink, don't smoke, don't have casual sex. That's me RT : Crain's Chicago Business has a new reporter devoted to #startups. Check it out on 's blog.... Wanna see it again ;) You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. Robert F. Kennedy At least I won't have to ante up that cash prize... "If ease of use were the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles" -Doug Englebart, inventor of the mouse Excellent post; great advice! Damn what happen to your phone you, lost my number or something??? you know!!! But it's the thing u told keli first that convo u know i love how we've been counting down since... Last year. thanks for listening Smx unexpected things are unwelcomingly wanted. yes, I will come through that's why ur gonna make it big! new video updates on my channel soon 9th: by Tom Hulihan, Steve Black, Tim Gu - app: how much you walk or bike relative to how much you drive GL: now political refusal 2 invest; Corps sit on $ now. Predict permanent austerity b/c income equlty so stark Well, I am only five jiggers in at this point, so the night is young. Sad, true, hilarious RT : Vincent Jackson leaves SD. "The San Diego Chargers: We Make Them Stars, You Make Them Champions" That song is probably the answer to most people's emotional baggage, right? Thank you for reairing your apology - you have shown what class is unlike others that will remain nameless! yo girl what you up to?? haha "Hi, my name is Tristin Elizabeth and I'm addicted to Cori Sue Morris and Glee." ;) MUAGH xoxo really? :) cathy ? Are you work or college? Nice to know you. . Very deeply, and I love that. :) ^^ just won a Hop on Top bar tab at Wolski's Tavern! DM me your addy and name and we'll mail the gift certificate out! Congrats! That was filmed at Stapleton. Not at DIA. well...we r all family If you have an event and you want live music. Put it in the budget or ask high school kids. Musicians have to eat. what how? -.- I'm feel pretty good bro u looked like u were abouts to pass out so I think the one trippin was u! lol 'Feel free to insult me, but you have no right to insult our fans.'-Louis Tomlinson It's moments like this where I miss teaching political science / would be fun to hear from 18 years on this.... Before you come to Julep or Johnnies tonight, swing by Slate bar and grill and see my man for a drink or two. In the final stages of purchasing a Nissan Altima. Should I do it? Anyone have opinions about these cars? Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart - Caryn Leschen you're dead! na, it only means that the right girl hasn't come along yet. I used to be in the same boat fam, but believe me, she'll come! No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. --Eleanor Roosevelt That last tweet was !!! Not me!!! I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day. RT : "No one can utter this table." Saw this last night and meant to write - well done! I've seen that book - it's a real puzzler! I'm glad they're digging in! I agree completely Marty Other non Chiefs I loved growin up, Rod Woodson, Greg Lloyd, Kevin Green, Deion Sanders, Barry Sanders (even tho I think he's overrated) “: Oh, you have 'the real' in front of your twitter name? Glad I found you, there's so many impostors.” awks hi... Let the Lemon Grove City Council meeting begin! (Now my partner won't let go of "research findings." Gave me java stating, "Research finds Heather Corinna much happier w/coffee.") I love it! Please Lead & Guide Me from this day forward... Never the less, Not My Will but Thine Will Be Done!!!! where in Texas? Happy to hear! RT Really informative session from on sports&social media Lots of New ideas have u left sd sir? Hi Aaron! Thanks for the RT! love this!!! Even though i met youu, i still feel like you dont know my exsistance RT RT : RT : Having my hair played with and/or pulled > #OneThingILove #HATERS appreciate the luv n support. Don't buy mine. I'll send it to you gratis. Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day.. -_- The Pella one-week sale ends Sat. Get 33% off Installation! Call Jeff (505) 362-0529 or to get locked-in. r u serious? Girl u made me happy :') ima cry. I really love u. And thank u. <33 I think we will resume in August because there is so much going on with our family still. Once mom is moved in! im kinda obsessed with "want u back" by cher... You should send that fly to hell and go home to your family in triumph. Check the stats, my team winning R.I.P MCA! I'm gonna blast the sh*t outta those Beastie Boys albums. :( :( :( You are very welcome! Have you tried cooking with it yet? I make a mean brine for grilling out of it! When you can see something its easier to do. If Someone Seriously wants to be a part of Your Life they will Seriously make an Effort to be in it. »No Reasons No Excuses« OK got the plan now: we'll just beat you on your home ice (again) Its going to be a great day! Taking reservations for today. Call 414.502.7368 Kayaks and standup paddle boards available. its coming out like lava in other words, "problem isn't that ppl who will decide election watch fox at 6pm; it's that they watch ESPN." nope day before study, I feel like committing Producer's callback for Boardwalk Empire in the Big Apple!! Oh yes! btw, I realize that I misspelled "hilarious" and "corresponded" my bad -Elliott hey... Sorry I couldn't get u tix for tmo... Come sit with us some time in Athens next year. #MarketerMonday (sponsorship and activation) enjoy some Final 4 java! VA Beach? Omg you must be freezing. I so badly miss the beach. Nobody really deserved to win this game. <==I love it! Waiting to re-do the color on my arm too! Thankful for all of you and your fantastic activism! Happy Thanksgiving!!! Awesome 2 hear that!! #OU has the best fans ever & the best team too!!:-) You guys are awesome. You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going. <U+30C4> Just got done posting new products to my shop:www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com Forget childbirth, I always wonder how she dealt w/ toddler years. "You might be the Messiah, but you can't climb my counters!" Great experience with , replaced my Kindle no questions asked and sending via express shipping. I can't begin to explain how much I loved the #BeastieBoys I grew up with Ad Rock from Paul's Boutique to Hot Sauce Committee. hahaha how lucky would she be if that comes true? my high School car was a red 1970 340 Cuda - still my favorite car ever! I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 37 hater... No I'm doin it big so I forgot about the easy thing - the cupcakes lol Will be hotel hopping, pool hoppin, bar hoppin...Just to start:-)) Tipsy and listening to Young the Giant. I think may have gone too far with the live tweeting of the Panda insemination. Makes me long for baby pictures Go away! Let's go CITY! grrr i got kicked out for trying to spell ur username on here!! 4th of July was fun this year, lots of bangs and booms! Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight! we did that for about 6 months with our photo business 3 years ago, but then they had a policy change and we had to take it down ": i fear you wont shut the fuck up aye" NOT going to happen LOL Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 16 lol imma a lil loopy right about now .. Sheila is on tv Hate to say it but I want new TOMS. get to Tulsa this weekend to see Dead Man Walking! A1. As society changes, having a diverse workforce (not just racial, but gen. diversity) helps an org. approach situations in unique ways. VIP karaoke event tonight at Karma 600 e Ogden at 9pm. Use this tweet as your invitation to get in. ": im assuming that was sayin that Amber look like Lord Voldemort lmfao" Good morning Why do they make appointments at hospitals? I never see the doctor on time. Even if I'm 30 min early. I need that walk to the front coverage (c) him a few times and he didn't reply when he'd usually reply in a few mins and I really wanted him to skype me on June 21st (c) i rocked the all american shirt yesterday I get to use what I want; I work in IT and my preferences is for FOSS So yeah work wise I literally would be better off if I had stayed home today. did we seriously just get a youtube account just so we could look up that. Video Haha lmfao yea we just did so far i have selena gomez, miranda cosgroves, zendaya and kenton duty autographs, hope to get more soon :) Bread Pudding – The Queen of Puddings | meetjustdownthehall I lost count and started countin again. Girl you talk to much, SHUT UP. I hope you hand is feeling better than my head this morning Thanks, Jon! So, Blogger users can post webcam video, too? Cool! God bless baseball, and god bless the Rays!! Only a few more days and all this hard work will finally pay off! i'm open to other excuses to meet up w/ folks for a drink on wednesdays (at least once a month). We've got 3 members already Richard Garriott was first person to go to ISS with laser eye surgery, was prohibited before. NASA studied him. if i had ir numba ill txt u 24/7.!. Aha jkay;p Wishing everyone a blessed and Happy Easter. -Thx for following! We are happy to join the ride. Happy hump day, ninjas! Hoping to see some ninjas coming down from the after Easter sugar high today! Thanks, who is this? On 545. Such a joyful driver. :-) What a terrible horrible brilliant way to end a book Suzanne Collins. I will be buying the 2nd book & seeing the movie Friday. Hair Dye, Hair Cut, Highlights... Loving the new changes this week. ;] today is deffinatley razor blades as a 3 he could fill a need Whippersnappers should refer to old people not young. first I might hit the TRAP KING play pent Mokriski response to Fox: Foreign Legal Consultants are well regulated and restricted to practicing their country's law they aren't Text the words "EPICCHURCH" to 41411 to sign up 4 Epic Church alerts and announcements - get connected, stay connected! Forget shopping for bread, milk and toilet paper. Think spring, and brighten up! Come see our new spring merchandises. i woke up and it wasnt there, and ive checked EVERYWHERE!!! for like the past 3 hours Presenting later today at the Linked In Project planning/managment under the NEC3 conference in London. Good turn out, +150 VIP delegates Gary Stager: Kids are capable. They are competent. Let them be part of the solution. Ron Roenicke is a fucking idiot and should not be a major league manager. The Brewers win in spite of him. After adding a directory as a submodule, I learn that " for mac" can't handle repos with multiple remotes. steady are you ready? i'm goin MAD over this #snacksecret show that's happening on Oct.23rd!!! I wonder who it will be? only knows, so follow em! oh damn, I thought you meant AM. Lmao. I'm such a dumbass -_-. that's really really late rofl its gonna be pretty busy. But you cant bitch about work until you've had a double digit number of shifts I've created a multiple-platform singing competition. Guaranteed 3 billion viewers. Call my private line. you feeling better? <3 (: The ice cream truck jingle was developed in 1960. It was a 3 minute song on a loop. Today many trucks use a 30 sec version to advertise! How many new versions of Flash Player comea week?!?! I'm tired of this sh*t Hi good to see you're on twitter There are cattle guards on the road for the highway on ramps. This is deep. thanks, just been running nonstop. How are you? Is Beliema's job safe if they fail to make Rose Bowl? all good bro, I need to set up a shoot with you a sap for this Throw Back Mixtape Mopeds are gay. I did it! I bought my very first Mac!! Thanks to and for helping with the process :) ah!!!! and we've lost vincent jackson.... ugh. what is going on? Ph.D. bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town. Tip #162: How many heads up matches can you win in a row? If you win 20 in a row it is time to celebrate. NCA reviews ALMOST complete ... but time for a mental break: Off to my last long-ish run before the Indy mini marathon in 2 weeks! Saw tonight in New Jersey and got the new album. Just listened to the whole thing. I HIGHLY recommend it! #BackInElementarySchool i had around 6 friends... On set...made up...waiting... This account is so in active I'm counting my gummy bears and organizing them by color. Oh come on don't tell me you never did this..nom nom nom one less green bear. Good luck this weekend. !! Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ... I'll be here in spirit!!! Hope it's a total success! So, it sucks that my brother is sick, but I'm not complaining that I only have Maddy for a little bit. Time to catch up on some sleep. I cant believe im running late....ugh. I need to take sum pics of me. fat chance, that's her only goal in life Never look down on someone unless you are helping them up Thx for the follow. Will shout out when were in The 'Ville next. Derby w/e must have been epic. damn.. I looked all over my car Not in this instance. Wasn't that kind of a throw. And nothing compared to a 90+ mph pitch. Excellent. We'll have to grab a coffee or beer. So many articles about research going on around the world today! Happy Friday every one! yea didn't think. You were shy could tell from your picture lol Don't tell me something & let your actions speak different. Hi Everybody! We Are Now Open from 8 AM To Midnight. Changes Will Be Made Soon To Our Site. That's a great deal! I dare you to love me, <3 I wonder if there's anyone bold enough to claim there fake ? im not envious I just hate liars trust me I grew up watchin him play in hs. My old coach used to coach him. I dont like liars oh awesome!(: lol nice one Gonna watch the Avengers later...Anyone seen it.?? Maybe I'm the man suffering horrible hiccups and listening to Elton John. fuck Lmao ": #Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends." “ Sometimes we wish someone would just look closely enough & see how broken we really are inside.” yes you do! They are out there right now filming before they start the summer tour :) Happy FF! Check out these great tweeters! Collaborating with Terwilliger Plaza---new exhibition on-site coming soon! Dell Nelson exquisite charcoal masterpieces. 84 yrs. old master. Bring a 40oz. in a brown bag to tomorrow's screening of 'The Writer' in LA in honor of the film's SF roots. Isn't that how you do it, SF? Ohh what part ? Why does my urine smell like salami? Not sure if I'm grossed out or headed to subway for for a spicy Italian. Fuck me like you hate me ;* that's sweetie but it's true like I said you two are a inspiration for what #reallove is :) Too early to play keep away ... But Calipari does this often : / RT : This is where UK tries to kill clock and Baylor comes back Santa Fe has the cleanest air in US - Am Lung Assn. For those less fortunate - see your NM Pella Fella for new windows! Jeff 505-918-6339 A few hours away! RT : Moët Hennessy’s #Ardbeg custom Orange County Choppers motorcycle auction at "Brothers on the Jock".. Makeup Training in Michigan! Train with the BEST! We are the 1st Makeup Training Studio in Michigan! (248) 477-5548 Your Very Welcome (: Donut bee sofa king foolish hit! #FG Says:You Should Check Out APSDaemon.exe is a bitch. Sucking that CPU hard I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying. The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone. Might be 50/50 >> RT : 10,000 fans who showed @ UW spring game are dedicated football fans or they wanted to win the car. oh and before I go out gotta mention my love for p.s. just realized I understand the # @ difference take that twitter tutorial Thinking about it.. if I'm done being sick.. Turns out Sibelius 7 is only a temporary cure hahahaha i remember this. -__- kept callin kenny and aj's name but girls would turn around They did a really awesome series on the anon hacking of HP Gary that they compiled into an ebook. I'm for any long form news. Its scripture, not a contract. And they aren't so much commandments as shallow moral guidelines, plus $5 mil guaranteed. I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted. And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand. RT comet will not be open for the rest of the day but we hope to see you all tomorrow! do you have a favorite nfl team? Have a safe trip! We're auditioning drummers for the Jedi Nighties...let us know if you hear of someone good, especially if she's a female drummer.! Hey do you have email alerts/subscription for your blog? Lets be real about this shit, can i take you home? New Lovely Follower OMG #WeLoveKevinJ is trendy!!! love ya kev There's a world out there that we should see. One of our many blessings seems to be low flying insect infestation. So even without screens we're okay. Allergies, OTOH I just wanted to talk to you Don't miss our last Poochinis and Peticures of the year Thurs, 10/27 6-8pm! Donations will benefit the new Austin Animal Center.... show at Red Eyed Fly, 8:30 Saturday March 26th, Deserts of Mars CD Release Uw simpson center rocks again as host for now urbanism. Visualizing urban histories..here we come! When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY. Like Wayne said, i'm deeper than space WB, can you advise on how we can make our Conservative representatives more education friendly? There are those who provide content & those who make a life of moving, managing & dissecting other ppls content. Choose wisely. its really really bad. Just left Magazine Street.... even in the rain, its as beautiful as ever. Hope they line the street with Banners for Saints Season ;) you got it. Thanks alot looking for suggestions on locations to hold fundraisers. Your idea counts! Thank you *not thinking about it* Maybe if he flopped he would get calls, but he is above that. I am sick if flopping being rewarded. Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also Hell twits!;) Im a gangsta cause i can get that way. Im a gentlemañ cause i love to please the ladiesn all ways they need it. I can't look at msn until after 830pm lol. Have a blocker on my computer because I tend to read it too much during work lol We aim to please! 2 projects due this week. And I only started one of them Obama is not the bad guy. He is just following the script the same way Bush did. 7 out of 10 new businesses started by women.80% of all purchasing decisions made by women-Ctr for Women’s Business Research Chillen eatin pizza with tha momma before I get ready for spring break day 1 :) my own apartment and a stable job would be nice right about now. Expresso to the face yeah, everything is great at our house. We haven't had a bit of trouble. Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone! Stay safe! Not sure... they could even be unlinked issues & the timing coincided. I wonder what & think? It's hard to even articulate how worried I am right now. I need a hug and a drink, I think... On the other hand, I really was first in. BY THE WAY these run big! I got M assuming it would actually be XS and it is L! Jahlie??? I called you about your melt down. I love you. [I had no desire whatsoever to watch the #goldenglobes -Mais DUJARDIN!!!!!!!!] Yes. Non-theatre specific sites is hard to compete with the CPM that big brands will pay. But if companies come together, possible. U can't 4get Kurupt was from philly though.. 2Pac was baltimore I think? WestCoasters now though I'm back! That shit makes you sleep like a bear. Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 1 Hong Kong Milk Tea: Assam Sewpur Estate black tea steeped in milk and sugar, this is a bold and sweet treat, available both hot or iced. Excuse our excitement. Check out our updates! i got no work all week, when we starting? Yup. I bring my own for when I think I'll need it. Isnt she Marge from the talented mr rippley and the adopted sister from the royal tennanbaums Thank you for the mention #FF Have a beautiful weekend! This afternoon, I'll get to join #FutrChat for a second time. Super excited--considering it's about museums! I couldn't help but smile in agreement. Mr. Lincoln cut to the quick, as he often did. Mayhap I had been too conspicuous. Thanks Helder! When do we see the first episode? (Need more music? Check out ) www.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine LIVE 12.22.2010 YMCMB ARTST BRISCO LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTIONS www.smilezdagr8.com wait are you saying you 12 ..? right? Force Quit of Eclipse after a spaze hit of the print toolbar button. WTF, who prints code anymore? The print option should be buried. I fucking love that song! by jay and kanye? “: #nowplaying the joy” I freaking love bubble tea. I always get extra boba... Tapioca is my friend :D I hope NYC is going great! Hanging out with the McGregors while they record their new album at Radiant Studios. www.radiantrecords.com/radiantstudios Joanna: did you know the sun is a star? Ellayna: yes, sis. Joanna: I'm a bird. Tsunami hits Hawaii Good morning, have you picked up your ticket for our halloween MONSTER MOSH next week?! I prefer a big dog that you can wrestle with but the sentiment is still the same. Love you all! Can't wait to see you on Friday. Monster game, please!! I'm close to beating my PB for paper-writing - current record is 10k words in 9 days (1100/day), this week going for 5k in four (1250/day). haha thanks(: u too Cool story bro. Write it down on paper, roll it up. Then shove it up your ass. Sitting here #doingnothing ....... :/ I'll give you all a hint BOOTS ... Sorry, but just won that #shirtoff. LOL I can't wait to go to universal with my baby; I'm gonna make him drive though Wow. Dump me then like my best friend? Whatever. Fml. OMG YES BACON BUNS I CANNOT WAIT I DREAM OF THOSE happy happy easter!!! church soon then a relaxing day with my family to follow #ilovemychurch&family <U+0001F499><U+0001F64F> :) <3 sweet dreams:) It comes to mind that anything/anyone associated w/ a "Palin" is surely not a winner. #Newt thanks Todd Palin for taking him down loser lane Sending so much love to my dad who's in the hospital today! He's been fighting Stage IV cancer for a year. He is a gladiator. at least we know now where all the celebs stay in NYC :) All these cute couples at Avengers... And I'm here with my brother. Thanks! I'd love to see a pic of it running in your dock. Did you hurry out or still here? Want to see you! Watched the trailer - not obsessed Sometimes if u give a little, u might be surprised if u get some in return!!! great food at awesome view as well That's gorgeous! <3 :) I don't know but I feel I did something wrong .. hunmmm. I just feel that. “: Your turn... What is one of the worst movies you've ever seen?” Showgirls!!! Battlefield Earth!! Happy 5th Birthday !! :) I stand by this statement. : "Tortillas in Texas are so different. They're just better." And to think.... I was seriously considering skipping convo today. Should have followed my gut <U+0001F632><U+0001F52B> #FF singer/songwriter/producer of 112 - You will love his tweets, his wisdom and music!! Looks like a really creepy movie! Was it at least worth watching? hell yeah! Love summer time :D get to be drunk while it is still light out! Good to see ya on Twitter! Congratulations to all ensembles who have qualified for ISSMA state finals! So you madd?? Sporting is now 4-0. That last one wasn't pretty, but it was a win. People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, and redeemed; never throw out anyone. -Katherine Hepburn bitch ass nigga I got my diss track to u coming soon! Be ready..... BRAINS ON WALLS ENT. - EZ Beatz I don't know about other pizza but it's true for NYC pizza. RT : Maddie says Angry Birds isn't nearly as addictive as pizza. that's that shit I dont like Faith or Reason? I'm smdh too. Love Tea Chai Te! Used to go there all the time when I lived around the corner. #IGN boards are down at the moment. Fix coming soon. Watching Mean Girls is trending. R-T if you're Watching Mean Girls okauy i will have it by tonite :) -anna RT : Hey - Bicycling Mag just figured out something we've known 'round here for years! Namely that past (and hopefully...... THX 2 Yvonne Sherman Oaks 4 helping me choose and install my brand-spankin'-new car battery!! This past one lasted over 8 years?! Imagine: You- Its so cold! Austin- Not in my arms ;) Don't cook in your undies. It can hurt. Get down to BuckBradley's tonight for an viewing party at 9 PM for Game 3 of the #CalderCup Playoffs! Rondo did a great job of getting between the defender and basket on the break. Young players take note. Classes are cancelled tonight. As of right now, weekend classes are still on. 'All the rumors regarding Marc Anthony and Jada are false,' says Jada's rep. 'Because we just made that shit up,' she thinks to herself. I'll try to right now I'm hungry and don't know what to eat lol I love seeing my timeline freak out when tweets. Hello I'm new here people were net if you would help me thank you Miami Dolphins (safety) & his artist , GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH #WorstSubjectinSchool is this a joke far and away the population will go with Math and its not even close I wish I could accrue followers as fast as ! Why Niggas Keep Askin Me If I Gotta Attitude? Is That Vibe I'm Givin Off? F*** I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go Decision to defer launch of website for 7-10 days, pending addtl edits, footage and revamp of certain sections. Wait will be worth it! :) RIP 's #Bent - a smartly written show with a great supporting cast and an absolutely tepid marketing campaign which exhibited neither. well, that is a great tie! absolutely not. But I can't tune in today, so feel free to give me an update on who this crazy person is Getting to Frankfurt feels like obtaining political asylum. Good riddance Israel. Hey BROther. You listen to terrible music. #imagine You: ALLY WILL YOU MARRY ME? Justin: what?! You: what did I say? Justin: Ally will u marry me... You: YES OF COURSE! JB: wait what! hot damn! Can't wait. Real tired of conference re-alignment. The grass isn't always greener for basketball-only schools. This is going to require that I get a smartphone, right? Please say yes. I can use it as leverage with my accountant. Tax day is almost over, but you can still get 10% OFF everything in our webstore if you put "tax" in the coupon code! Today only! Good morning! Did anyone have a #SUBWAY breakfast? April's featured $5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6" subs til 9am! Council Adjourned Great seeing Sherri, Rob, Mike, Marie of the South Philly Team and so many others tonight. A great time. Thanks Sherri for organizing it. "And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." Romans 8:28 Summer Institute 2010 is near capacity, will be closed very soon. info at: www.communityworksinstitute.org Why am I awake? thank you ! that is very kind of you :) lmao then it's a good thing ;) lmao xD Why is the ground always wet at the #Bachelorette pad? because tami didn't punch a.hoe!! She's all park that's very inappropriate but have you tried their new crakblender frappe? To die (or kill) for. FOLLOW ... SHES ONE AWAY from 1k!!! tell me if you followed her and ill give you a s/o Anyone else shocked the refs didn't kick us in the nuts with a charge call there? I seem to recall Ben Block put his together in record time. Perhaps you tag him in? good, 3rd both races in my coffee shop travels last night Have the Lakers won a game yet?? OH! I love showing my students the birds in the wild! And, of course, it's a good excuse to watch them myself... ;) Amanda French #dpla Wants "gleeful rendezvous" with soul and body of a library Merry Christmas twitter! Only been a day, and unsure how gonna make it through rest of campaign hearing same Rick Perry stories over and over Thanks so much! I can't wait to read the article. Great Rainy, Cloudy weather down here in San Diego! Perfect for writing. out for coffee in a bit, hope you all are great! Story definer, bow tie designer, patent decliner, musically finer. Sure! Just let us know what you need from us :-) Just got coast to coast, poster, nd t-shirt in the mail!!!!!!! Yayyyy I'm so happy!!!! :D Hibbert playing great D on Bosh If you were wondering like and I were, Bruno Mars is Puerto Rican/Filipino. out indefinitely...ruh roh. sucks to hear that. get well soon ! and enjoy the desperate housewives finale while you rest UGGS are the ugliest things ever, I've never had a pair nor will I ever.... crazy after party . Makin hella connections for Not a good sign. I usually heart delta. United my #1 though. Gold w/ them. No one wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without. Yes! Especially if it was "DIRK" instead of "R805." Great snooki and j-wow coming to jersey city -____- So excited to have Kristi Dunlap on board! Already seeing great changes ahead. thanks David omg! What happened to all our teams in Worlds? Wow! Just Finished watching. US, Can, & Swed. Meatballs.:( Working in my new project: secret. Sun is shining here in Seattle. Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow drops +200 points! Marriage is pretty gay, but gay marriage is some pretty serious shit. we can do this... when I'm on instagram I have to look on twitter and click your links to get to the pic..silly Alice checking in from #atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions I wanna see The Avengers.. Time for me to stop being so nice..it's getting me no where i aint even mad bro im laughing at your squares that say GIF ### hahahahahahahah want to test that theory ? What to do at the host stand when you're waiting for customers to arrive: give yourself temporary tattoos. lol. Yup! Going on about 6 hours for me now. What about you? right on homeboy Cool, is member #7,900 in the LinkedIn group! Don't worry, he is connected to tech, thanks to his Software Cluster initiative okay no neck stop tweeting we hate u I need non cheesy ideas for my bridal shower. Get out of here with all this pink and cutesy stuff. I want GLAM got it via : "There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors." I'm gonna cry happy tears. Do you believe in karma? wow, that must have taken a long time to make. How the heck are you going to eat/finish it? Fuck i guess I cant give up now, plus giving up is for twacks... Congrats - you will be seeing next Thurs at The Myth for FREE! Our people will PM you - congrats again! good girl! enjoy! #sla2011 I have copies of the PAM dance cards I will bring to PAM early bird dinner! So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed, we just having fun, so what we go out....we just living young, wild & free!!!!! movie kicked so much ass I assume John Travolta is anxious to finish shooting his film in ATL so he can shave that hillbilly beard off. Very un-Vinnie Barbarino like u got these hands comin yo way! Brings you right back to the Cape, doesn't it? Tomorrow will be close to beach weather. ;) hey sexy bitch!! So thanks 4 the support plus ur follows to me. Means the world to my boss and I that u do. Anything Can't wait to watch the Jets get dismantled... Let's go Colts!!! It's World Smile Day - what makes your pet smile: belly rubs? extra long walks? a special toy? i cant wait to have our regalia! i have a pic of it in my room to visualize myself in it everyday! Crow: Need to redesign universities, breaking down barriers among & betw. disciplines to attain OA RT if you're already counting down to your Warped Tour date. yay! Looking forward to it! :) you are absolutely right I cant keep up with all this ish! Lol! but they also repel. I'd never buy a property in sight of one. And if the city decided to install them near me I'd leave. thank you for the welcome. Hello to you too working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!! what other cover videos would you like to see (guitar)??? -Ed good evening tweeters how are yu!? Waiting to listen to #lonewolf tour lol and i would! you can just call me the postman! The team just shutdown Sunglasses Forum!!! Catch us the tomorrow performing. Where? RT Peanut. Butter. Cheerios. Crafty play by Canó! Web gem.. maybe Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret. Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name. Yay! Surprise!!! Of course I was a nerdy spaz when I finally told him :P "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about #life: it goes on." Great Monday - and you are hoping for what? lol Naughty, but don't tell Santa! Was just kidding on the blog! Sorry if it caused you anxiety. Can't really tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Anyone else going to the breakfast tomorrow morning? you're welcome. Glad you liked it! Great game today, wasn't it! The Yankee/BoSox rivalry is the best. My condolences to :D wondering where your undies are M what shall I wear for tonight???? Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? Food is an important part of a balanced diet. Got home and David helped me carry my books. I said: "Thanks you're the best" he then looks at me angry and says:"momma, I'm not a pest!"LOL I wish theres like a day so i can wear my laker shoes, laker t-shirt, laker hat, laker headphones !!!! #LALAKERS <3 RT if u agree !! Couple of students reporting that "Mifflin moved to Langdon" as a result of the police presence Los Angeles Friends,I will be doing a presentation at 605 W. Olympic Blvd., Suite 610 tonight from 6p to 8p on SRS & transgender procedures. Lol the Clippers, is this real?Somebody wake me up! Like Mrs. Bixby, my mother Betsy gave birth to five sons, John W. being the eldest, me being the second, and Charles the youngest. You're in good company w/ + RT : I'm the only Volvo driver who isn't retired/doesn't have 5000 kids It's a montana party out here on the I 84 I need to come back to the A so cute Bought some really cute Sperrys today! Dave all the way! - hey, are you going to write about Bayocean? Cuz, wow! one of us is going to learn to cash a bet our ass can deliver :) she should be fine ... i'll find some shade or leave her in her carseat Oh well I wasn't even following #amile ... So glad we play duke this year in #Atlanta ... I'll be there! I feel like everything is so damn over rated. Yes! Fantastic! This headache needs to go away ASAP I'm not, unfortunately. Hopefully the next networking event. and Draw Something. Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but, you feel it. lol me too! I LOVE wearestoopkid Office Closed rest of the week, but people will be there at 9 AM each day. Absences are excused, be safe. Lmfao these #2Chainz tweets right now >>> You should come to the RICC today. Bees scrimmage at 5 (doors at 4); Riveters vs NY's Suburban Brawl at 7 (doors at 6). im assuming i can wear sweats today... Humane Society: Extreme cruelty exposed at Pennsylvania egg factory I honestly wish I had the balls to just walk up to people and say, "Hey look, you're really good looking, and so am I. Let's go." ready to get off. It's a kind of day If Pomeranz is sent down I will be very disappointed. RT : Again, not "gay rights." #LGBTEquality or "civil rights." We don't call them "black rights" & for good reason. People still watch Fuel? i hate living in Virginia Yes and yes! I found my Goose! We will be unstoppable! RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose. Can't stand crappy singer/song-writers with bland, "nothing" voices.. hyped because they are "alternative" or "Indie". Ya suck? Ya suck! #random but I need giordanos, tgI fridays, hooters, & chicagos added to my schedule soon No plans for my Friday, just get horny & tweet & Whether you're on the East coast or the West coast, there's a Bead Fest coming your way. Philadelphia in August, Portland, OR in September! aw im your only follower.... :c A very warm welcome to our new fans from #Portugal! 39 countries now having fun with #iOS game! me and pasan wanna catch up with some lunch...let me know when you actually have a waking minute of free time. Kick your candy bars & potato chip office vending machines to the curb and make rm for FITzee! Ready to move us in? Get in touch for more... Just danced around my room for 18 minutes straight to MacArthur Park Suite in honor of the Queen of Disco. Still making people dance in 2012 Is it weird that I watch #storagewars ?? Hm??? Not everything that is faced can be changed . If #OccupyOakland costs the city $5 million, why not do something radical & work with them. How much would that cost you? This girl calls me at 330 tryna have a full blown convo. Fuck outta here I'm sleep don't bother me I really want to support any initiative to bring more women into tech. But a word of the day email in which all ex. are shopping related + I think I may have found a way to work at my day job only 4 days a week, which would give me a whole extra day to do Etsy stuff!!! High-Priced #Wines Hottest in December. Domestic varietals at $20-plus increased 26%; all domestics grew 8%. Via Wines & Vines i can help (: love u boo <3 you've been so busy hope u get to rest up :) fries in France Loves for saving my Anatomy grade! <U+0001F601><U+0001F44F> “: Oh Yall tryen to set me up? got all yall friends calling in LMAO, you did a great job.” Thanks sis WasteCap Resource Solutions’ #construction and #demolition projects are currently achieving an average 88% #recycling rate! for sure There's only one senior standing up front. So all accolades have to be about him. Creeps me out how right I was: thought of DeLillo, then thought: Scribner, and some Penguin. But I'm...atypical...i know. :) Today's specials are: Lack of sleep, woke up early, and low on patience. my hair is now pink. Happy Mother's Day to women everywhere who have shared their love with the fruit of their wombs or hearts. Being as mom is my blessing. Charles Barkley has made a playoff prediction: He believes the Denver Nuggets will upset the Lakers in the 1st round. I'm home sleep time more laser therapy tomorrow So let me get this straight..Barett is out..Dowling is on IR..And Bodden just got released..Secondary issues... this could be emil you know RT Kepler has found its first planet in the habitable zone of its parent star. 1.usa.gov/v9vKXo lol haha i got it on repeat! But all endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time" ~Mitch Albom Thanks to anybody who provided an assist in the job search. I have one. Start full-time on Monday. True. I keep thinking of Pho-King Ah-Sum and that might not be good for business either I get the same thing on my timeline from all these quote twitters and such Istanbul has beautiful cityscapes, but I've never seen it without lights. Any chance you took photos? :) Went running with Amie and we were so freaking tired lol we missed <U+0001F609>! can you follow me Dude, just buy the box set. You must see it all now. Best ever. Tanning and than orange leaf? I'm down. Bucket list item 3566: listen to crazy drunk man singing "who let the dogs out" while riding bike through sculpture park..... Maybe that means you are a good luck charm :) REPEAT EMERGENCY MSG TO PROPERTY OWNERS: Thermostat 55-60° is ok. For every sink OPEN cabinet doors for heat to pipes & DRIP hot/cold water. Cargo door blew open at 30k feet on our plane so back at terminal F. I hate terminal F. I think it's implied One nation under Joseph Smith. Mitt 2012 AH! I can not explain so AMAZING you are!! I love you!! Your the best! Please notice that I've met you at California's AVP Well, well, well...you can never tell. of course all the good things happen at school when im not there 3 times tonight! Can't wait! You'll always be my american idol gallo wants no part of the ball. your profile picture is disturbing lmao jkayy Thanks for making me laugh-Moment #2 Brandon Jacobs! Good morning #ISS Long Beach! Still currently traveling out of state and getting daily inspirations for business. #Huguely lawyer, "there simply was no intent to kill" addressing murder charges. diesel keeps roaming the house looking for Sophie. He'd be freakishly good at hide and seek :) God, I don't even have the stomach to drink because of this game. ok, just noticed this was 5 hours ago and not about my Monday craziness. Good one! Too many emails from stores? Migraine coming on? Research shows peppermint oil can be effective in reducing migraine symptoms. You are making the GOP look like rednecks. I am not a redneck. Who cares abt Obama college records? Seriously? Get over it I hope MTV does a Where Are They Now? on the guy with calf implants Hah! RT : Desperation. RT : Britney's New Album to drop March 15. Any suggestions for the album title? Watching the boxing match with my girl! Anyone know who she's talking about? you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked. I EMAILED ABOUT THEM KEEPING , THEY TOLD ME 2 STAY OUT OF IT, NOW THEY SEND ME AN EMAIL SAYING TELL TRIBUNE 2 LET US BROADCAST are there anymore chances for tickets? I would love the once in a lifetime opportunity to go. Happy Saturday, Baltimore! Still don't have a present for that birthday this weekend? We're here to help & ready to wrap. #ComeGetYourToyOn! Would you be interested in trying to do it every other week? “: now thats good foodwhat are your dates for east coast” check out our site for full tour schedule!!:) do u wat Yaay! Just got a bit in the remake of Fright Night! The movie's as old as I am... Hi ariana<3 i love your tattoo so much<3 will you get any more;p?<3 Guy behind me: "I've never seen them do the national anthem on the field before" Thanks back at ya, I'll check it. All the best to you and yours! haha well i didn't know! :p I'm courtney(: where are you from? ||NP. I SEE YOU HAVE A FEW PROJECTS IN DEV (JERRY BRUCKHEIMER).I HAVE A FEW VFX SOLUTIONS FOR YOU IF INTERESTED. Friday once again, did you do anything to lower your cost per acquisition? We can help. Contact us for more info 866.460.6611 No blogging after 11 pm! This new rule is suiting me quite well, I must say. You never say "But yeah" Anymore!! having some issues lately but trying to stay positive! How are you my dear?? I used to sleep. Before I joined Tumblr and Twitter. Eric Reid and Marcelo Balboa on our podcast at thescore1510.com! Also, Tim McCarver/Joe Buck coming up next segment! Mile High Sports, 1510 Good Morning Tweetland...may your day be filled with love, sunshine, glitter and a few lychee martinis....big love, Miss Ellie. x At least ppl are pretty calm AW <3 hope it doesnt hurt to much!! want me to bring you some ice? ;) Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account. Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better... The Chief of Staff on #Scandal "Don't ever let a crisis go to waste Mr. President" Who learned a new trick today, and what one?? almost as bad as #Phillies keys to the game RT : Interesting discussion on what technology is selling into K-12 school security here at Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's still out shopping for black friday? “: need more work but I see yu lol” c'mon now.. You kno how I get dwn.. Haha Living is learning. Girl this my last spliff, ima roll it up with you with Yao, I wouldn't have had them taking the series to 7. That's what was so entertaining. Battier and Artest going nuts. This really hits home. I was just bumpin Paul's Boutique the other day which is my 2nd favorite album by them thought you would like that, linguist junkie ;-) First trip to #Brooklyn tmrw... What should we check out? Was at the macmachine and the lady in front of me forgot 20$ knowing me I gave it back Someone's skype is broke lmao. “: Send my condolonces to the ppl in #japan right now!” via fedex? Worst game of Wade's career. Fall seven times, stand up eight. Believe in you, friend. I love it there. One of my favorite places in this area. where were you when my walls came falling down? follow me on my journey on becoming Spike TV's next Ink Master. zaay he said " it came out bad ! " I had just never heard about such a program. Wow. Live 2nite #thelavagame play all your favorite rock hits of the 90s & 2Ks. $5 at the door. Over 21. Come and Santorum made me apoplectic when he was a failing Senator! RT I agree. (re Santorum makes me apoplectic) Morning. Tweeting because I have some time to kill, otherwise I never do it minute by minute like I do on Facebook. Wow wtf, I say happy birthday and get nothing back . W.e fake ass people Rain. Crabs. We are so #thankfulfor mothers everywhere around the world. Their love, support and caring makes this world go round. Thank you. its stupid to just only look at last season & assume SAS will lose 1st round again. they dont realize its a different team Gathering for closing ceremonies at #thatcamp SE. We're passing the torch to Florence and Melbourne next! I plan to continue my quest to qualify for the Aruba Classic on Ultimatebet tonight. I'm doing well so far. I don't understand how it's possible to chew with one's mouth open and not annoy oneself with the resulting sound RT : Loved the ribs, they fall off the bone! Simply amazing. RT : Thanks for stopping by and hope you... I don't remember sis It's all good! Whats your email I can have you a few songs in there by 3:00? I called a million times around 9ish an ur phone was off I got arrested & i meant saturday not last nite lol Idiocy and Yay, Verily, Idiocy Perpetual My Mom loved the card. Thanks! What will you do with your gift of today to improve your state of mind, spirit, well-being, relationships, outlook, home & health? follow back please? :) Just saw at the milwaukee theater Yo Tweeps! Fri NITE - the ULTIMATE #WigOUT party!! Wear your Fav Wig and get in for #FREE all night! 21+ Doors at 9pm Only Well 1st.. Y wasn't Evans "catch" not reviewed?? 2nd.. Matt Stover we miss u!! 32yds?? U GOTTA make those Cundiff! #wcphilly Cost Per Click (Google Adsense, etc) or CPM (Cost per 1000 impressions, i.e. tribal fusion) Kind of.. Love your merchandise and shop! =) Break away and fly free why i gotta know so many legally insane people ; fuck this. #GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome(: joke. AUSTINS AWESOME(: Software #l10n tip 4:Getting to know a little about how translation tools work will help you maximize the benefit of this technology. also amused by how the only thing they have to show for themselves is an "underwear" bomber who turns out to be one of ours. Haha. I feel for your my dear! Hey, why were all my UK friends mad at Jamie Carragher for being on American Idol? Any ideas? I fear it's just going to get worse as other apps update to support ICS. I just bought 4,000 king size packs of condoms... Jamaica here we come! Probablyas an extra but Gomez has a waysRT : if that does happen, how do you see Nyjer fitting in with the team? not all the time you could have luck on taking a picture with someone you like . you know you dont always have luck ! j but my dreams, they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be. i have hours, only lonely... Can u please follow me? (: make my day Looking forward to FINALLY seeing when it opens in Chicago next weekend. I can hardy believe it, but I actually have an idea for Ignite Ignite. Just came up with it while talking to Thanks to for consistently RTing our reports! eww so true back to reality. But that dream was oh so sweet we were ALL living.. Let's do it again.. Real soon! I really don't know why it's such a big deal though. Everybody go follow Oops, make that Leclerc, not LeClerc. Ha. She's still hanging out. Due date on Thursday. :) Save a horse, ride a cow, boy! Lol! Agreed, Dunst good, even in bad films, and my she has many... When do and come home? First stop MEM!! <----19 and I'm living the fucking life.<U+E415> Love my neighborhood! Go out tonite to pull a few weeds in the flower beds and everyone comes out to chat! 2nd preview for "1776," drinks at Black Fox Lounge & then a well-deserved day off! Original fast & furious is modern day point break. But with better acting, which is saying a lot Thanks friend, I am really trying to get this furst book done by the end of the month, so my hiatus has been necessary! Grain Brain will deal extensively with mood disorders. Thanks. David Tampa to Times square...cycle...:) I just ask whoever to play Draw Simething Rain or Shine! See you all there. When people make it awkward and then walk out of the room >> (No, it's actually really good—well worth the mild depression that comes with it.) Many thanks! Belated good? More like messy. if i had you that would be the only thing i ever need #sometimesallagirlwants is a hug. Stop trying to slide us something extra! u got me and we will appear on Reggie Gay TODAY!!! Check us out a 8pm Channel 57! We're finding people from the Indy area to follow, follow us back and say hi! I can't see why anyone wouldn't love pigeons. They are so silly to watch. Taught a class & presented my PATS Program at the COGIC Leadership Conference in Sacramento, CA. Then Bishop Macklin reached out! Wow! just watched finding nemo. "just keep swimming..." me: IN ONE DIRECTION OH MY GAWDDDDD!!! friend: *smacks head* It's not that we don't care, we just know that the fight ain't fair so we keep on waiting on the world to change Thank you Doug Gottlieb for finally saying the #Badgers are an underrated team in the #sweet16! Can't wait for tomorrow night, #Go Badgers! Thanks for checking us out! I think they're using "talent" in the "hey, I'm a creeper" sense. I sing, their song #LikeWhoa, in my wii, (Sing It) i saw your sweet sixteen party yesterday on MTV ;) where are people watching the Rugby 6 nations in the Los Angeles area??? That was u I saw playing in the grass earlier! STOP THAT. Lol Glad u found ur keys. :) Thx 4 all of your retweets favorites and mentions ! it's the price I was willing to pay. one map has measles, the other has a rash? -- Though really - nice work no he wasnt. he did a lot Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery & Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida. Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook. you're a GREAT cheerleader! Thanks for all the shout outs :) There truly is no place like home! Go Louisville, go bebe!! Rewatching this year's show. happy new year!! my resolution is to live in the moment and love abundantly. <3 lmfao you lost ya mind hahahah love you If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at . Blast Fat With This 30-Minute Interval Workout the things kids say on xbox... l m a o I MISS MY DOG =( darn college dorms and their lack of pets i juss feel like I need you but I know damn well that your never there for me at all but I am there for you .......Why niggas gota be difficult? huh? Limp Bizkit signs with Cash money when will you figure out that im probably your biggest fan? <3 just one tweet from you can last me a lifetime (: hey sweetie wow what a lost from the Yankees lol oh boy have a great nite Oh, oh, oh! Loved Rita Wilson on today. Her CD sounds great and I will buy it. 60s and 70s cover tunes, oh yeah! #Tribe set to smash these Twinkies! Very true keep up the great work ! Why you still wake ? RT : At Least Imma Good Role Model =) trying to find info on 1977 Berliner Jazz Tage festival poster I bought at Goodwill yess ikr ?? feeling sad rite now need to be cure :DD This was Captain Clapperton,the companion of Denham CANT WAIT FOR UR NEW STORY TO COME OUT !!!!! I gave so many rides tonight The Sing Off has become a horrible show. “Say a little to say a lot.” It was wonderful! Thank you :) RT : We hope you enjoyed your birthday with us! C ome back soon! Or I need to bite the bullet and set up RSS or use Google Reader. Hate to miss posts that people are keen on sharing. i so wanted to go too. at least i was able to take a long break &listen on the radio. same here chica. que descanse en paz. RIP Whitney Houston. So sad for her daughter and her family. Sarah Webster Goodwin: faculty who get involved in assessment are seen by colleagues as having joined a "Vichy-like collaboration" Never been to Tiffany's before I'm not lien Check sheet and fixed/replied to your email. isn't it weird that marc anthony & jenifer lopez both have their own clothing lines at kohls? Doing some skiptracing and thinking about having a bowl of cocoa puffs. Am I the only one that craves weird food when working?? what you know bout lol <-- lol one of my faves!! he needs to F w/me for a photo shoot! Actually, I think we still have Penn Camera on E Street. But the hood is definitely moving up. Saw a J Crew store is coming. Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new Glad you like it. It was written more of a rant than anything. I love people that push me, Don't be contrained to a box. Why do people get obsessed with family history? Why not just history? i hate when guys lie and you already know the truth morning, sunshine! Have a great day! if u want u can. If u wanna save $, don't worry. The point is generally copyrighting the concept, so if no major plot change, no. you can really sing!! I didn't watch all of it so I wasn't sure if it was a 4 or 2....I know I suck I accidently sent it before it was done and just said fuck it haha since comparison was 2 others who committed same crimes, do authors explain what difference unique Psychopath brains make? that is hot. Hotter if the windows are tinted- drug dealer style. Only a few more hours till hot yoga- we are pumped. Especially since it is so nice out. Who else is looking forward to some yoga? If a tree falls on a bear shitting in the woods does the pope feel the effect of a butterfly's wings across the globe... Working on a new Awesome song #jazzlives! (: You can't just stop wanting, you just ignore it. Which is equally as bad for me. :/ How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one. I'm talking about public enemies Love rachels bag can't wait to get mine!^.^ I need some new vans! One of the hardest questions facing Americans today. And I don't know the answer. RT Mint Julip or Margarita? I need to look for well of souls pieces one of these day. I bought about 60% of one on ebay years ago. yep well i will text you when ever i get more mins on my phone which idk when that will be Who wants to play with us tonight?! RT : One middle Slot avail tonight Email ASAP We're playing next friday at Gallery, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13. Do it. Jim signed my thesis approval page...SHIT JUST GOT REAL. Tim Allen interview went well. Toy Story 4 likely happening. Watch "Last Man Standing" season finale tonight on ABC. I am following you homie Wonder who cleans the red carpet the day after the Oscars? Stanley Steamer maybe? This is the most boring time of year for sports. Guess #nba players do ride the Metro. Just spotted Jeff Green at the White Flint metro station Met a lot of creative people at CreateBaltimore and came home with lots of ideas. Your son cleans up nicely. Although he is still rocking a five o'clock shadow. ok I've got it! Eager to read, hope to start tonight. 22 years I've lived in Seattle but my books are set in Louisiana. Watching ridiculousness .. Dude its so fuckin funny lmao Nerds n Dorks gettin ripped. I'm a secret nerd (star wars and Lord of the Rings but don't tell anybody!)! Wishing all students a great first day back after Spring Break! im patient when it comes to my music You are NOT. You're gazing into a terrier's eyes. ;) XO Thank you as well Scott! For friendship and excellent tweets American Citizens can now be arrested for NO reason, and be detained with NO trial for ANY amount of time! Is Memphis on your schedule SOON? We graduate so soon :) I hope all these folks pushing means tested on this would be willing to support a graduated income tax. If you haven't seen "Red Tails" yet go & check it out this weekend! I'm with you there. I think I've had 2 dropped calls in 7 months. Had many times that daily on AT&T... Tonight is not my night... Did you know your Valpak envelope could have a $100 instant win check in it? You may want to check that out. You can still get these two great books, at an amazing price. Give poetry a gander and let me know what you think on amazon. I see you Every day my work makes it clear that I really should start learning French. Anyone know what the single or double white line(s) between highway lanes signify? Didn't think so. Storyopolis Entertainment excited to recieve new work from Peter MCcarty From his fabulous work from Hondo and Fabien other picture books. and 2. Don't bury info about who you are 5 clicks deep on the site. Frustratedly yrs, Someone trying to get you some publicity. [-] Nothing manic about this Monday :) Thank you everyone for coming out...purttty certain our guys r safe for the next round!! VEGAS You impressed & shocked us all on Easter TYTY can I atleast know what it is...? wtf are you making me that took you three hours?!?!! #Excited :)))) 8700 at the dinner break. Still steaming over my two hand penalty. having a teacher on facebook is pretty creepy.... Good luck to the boyfriend on his interview today! Today is a good day :-) Q: How do you make a day-laborer cry? A: Offering them an unrequested, ice-cold Dos Equis seems to do it, apparently... (whoops) Thanks sister My damn head hurt like raw dick in a virgin o.0 That doesnt sound good. :/ Goodnight practice tweet-ers. Hope I see you in my feed tomorrow! sometimes I have to fake it. Today feel like it should be Thursday! heard its nice there Omg!!! This is getting old California is pretty hot right now lol where are you from? I'm out of touch, but there are SO many good places. I've wanted to try the The Little Door or the Little Door Next Door. Happy birthday to our bass player we'll be rockin tonight in santa monica from 9-12. Stop in and buy him a beer! lmao graduating with honors!!! meet my mom is my new favorite song love it!! :) what you gettin? I'm about to get tatted soon too.Had to get swole Sorry man. That's terrible. Always a letdown when someone you think is honorable isn't :( Stay tuned at 6:00 for #NHL presser w/ : Turn on at 5:45 to watch the debut of Jason Kubel Snapshot. Media can be good They also have big memory bank. They are going to ask their Q's eventually. So get it over w/ They ask me if I'm someone famous I say if you're in to rap Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch! Wanted: female best friend Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists. R.I.P. The great lady of Disco and Soul Donna Summer. The face of an era. The voice of a sexy angel. You can't catch a cub without going into the tiger's den. Of course you already implement this for your agency, but wonder if this type of investment could be worth it for others. ": Life's an elevator.. Pick a floor or end up on sum1 else's! Do you!!" How's everyone's morning going? Come see me this weekend!!! Nice to "meet" you ! I look forward to our conversations about #crime and #books! Ample understanding. deficit of application. pathetic attention to conviction. Sounds hectic! I'm chilling with MiniMe watching Fairly Odd Parents. lol you're welcome! Thanks guys! yep, lots of cushion right there Love you too Andrea :) Have an amazing day. Don't forget to meet BTW I got tweeted from her. ;) no I am definitely lucky! Good to meet you! Hey, idk if I should do a broadcast right now. You want me to? Sheesh, thanks Idaho senate for mandating ridiculousness, um, it's 2012...women vote. 2-time defending national champion Augusta State men's golf team playing close to home, 8th seed in Athens, GA Regional (via ) Need a cuddle buddy? what's better than following you on twitter, ernie halter's mom following you!!! :) RT : Need To Wish My Friend A Happy Birthday . She Loves Him . Mention( ) Her Star . In case you were wondering, you are blocked from buying IL lottery tickets online if you are physically out of the state. Congrats on your baby :)) can't even tell you are preg on y &r Jesus. I bet you know a lot of douchebags. Reminder: The Rub will NOT be happening tomorrow night. The next one will be on March 16th at The Bell House. Please RT If he does, can you think of a less shitty nickname for him? "Can Curious George do it two nights in a row for #Brewers?" Love Your Site! Hi Sarah! Just replied with info, but let me know if you have any other questions. We'll make sure you get what you need! I would have opened my mouth and ate it:) Use LinkedIn Answers to network and earn expertise in your field Have fun and recruit peeps for @#eaTweetup! RT : "The Ultimate Social Networking" event! (@ Segafredo Brickell)... It was about you lol I like Thursdays cause they're one day closer to Friday. Glad I'll actually be able to watch Parks and Rec live tonight. Usually I work at 9:30 Eastern 8:30 Central! are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 14 Well today has been a shitty mess. “: can't make it to the Evansville show, car trouble, but if you go thru Owensboro, lemme know” ANYONE WANNA GIVE GURL A RIDE? Good morning to you too!! :) ATSU keeping those affected by #Joplin tornado close to heart. All students accounted for. More to come as we have it. it's fair for me to assume that people who grow up in small texas towns learn to drive on tractors instead of cars? Boy howdy! I smell what the Ellwood is cooking! Enjoy the day. actually it's just the pizza guy from the segment. Phew I need to tan asap! I look all white! I'm jealous of the Jags. Justin Blackmon is going to be a stud WR. Time to be productive… How much of our success as designers hinges on our ability to stare at a screen all day long? it was a spanish hangover Yesterday's good night sleep was rewarded w insomnia. Fantástico! Sam in Lazarus Rising! That was pretty :) I liked the cool garage door in the beginning too! ah you're so full of love!! Haha!! Love it!! I was watching ur vids on the other day. I loved the Russian ones. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU TO :) lol that's what u get not sure how you found this dime but thank you thank you thank you. :-) Happy Easter to u, and your family! Turn to You is just perfect. WAR ON CHRISTMAS. MT : "Jingle Bells" is a hot rod song, not a Christmas song. Its true progeny is "Little Deuce Coupe" runn to your charger!!!!!(: RT : I don't know why everyone keeps talking about how old Plummer is. He's Capt Von F'ing Trapp and he'll RIP YOUR NAZI FLAG... lucky charm No matter what they say, NEVER change who you are . Legacy Five was awesome last Saturday. We saw them at the Brandon Performing Arts Center. What a ministry! What a great bunch of guys! I said it last year, I'll say it this year: Heat went to Finals because of Bosh. Heat now lost home court b/c they don't have Bosh. I may have edited some NYE pictures. If you don't like them I can give you the originals and you can go Fuk yur self #KThxBy :P “: Man cannot live on bread alone. Now, fro-yo is a different story. #FroYo4Life” what about free bread? Frozen bread? true, and that was without Beal, but their defensive issues will prevent them from getting to NOLA. 97th in def efficiency. Easter at my house all family are welcome I cant wait I love cooking! Sometimes You Just Got Too Let Go , <3 #steadylearning #goodnight :) good luck prince New on DVD and Blu-Ray. Win Win, The Beaver, POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, TrollHunter, Henry's Crime + More! PickUpLine: Show me your pussy! "A boy's best friend is his mother." ~Norman Bates Oh, Hootsuite, Y U make so many changes? Now I need to PIN my profile, grrrrr! I think I just came to chicago to eat, so far I've eaten a chicago hotdog, jew town polish, chicago deep dish pizza. Now from some sleep Heading to the gym (: You no nothing about me , but my name is always in your mouth? Okay , you're cool now . Good productive day getting people to the polls . not much success with youngeer voters go to drills I Only Tell The #Truth . MARCO ANDRETTI FLYING IN A INDYCAR IN LONG BEACH AT THE TOYOTA GRAND PR...: via "Neither a borrower nor a lender be." Sausage run was the perfect cure for my hangover Tell me why we argue over the same things . follow me Where do you find the time to write? Can you squeeze a few words out at work, do you write when the spirit moves you or do you set word per… lets go to prison-walking dead edition HOLLAND = Hope Our Love Lasts And Never Dies CHIPOTLE is a madhouse. They literally don't have space for the line inside. And yes we all wait......and wait. 5K! I just finished a 3.11 mi run with Nike+ GPS. #KeepCalm&CarryOn attempts to put its finger on the sorry mess we're in & moving forward from that, what can make life truly worthwhile <3 Anti #nato protests starting in #Chicago tonight. Protestors trying to get police to respond with violence. Spin Champagne & Chickenheadz #YeauAintAvoutZotLyfe RT : don't do it to yourself yikes! Omg! Are u heading back to GA? Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next. Jean Piaget Any experts in I's Millennium Data Exchange module out there? (need to make a newly-created load profile appear in the drop-down menu). Lol, one question could have saved you a lot of trouble. “Life doesn’t have a remote; get up and change it yourself.” How does one see a miracle manifest in their life? RT If u wish u lived in NJ <U+E00D><U+E420> Congrats on the raise. Hadn't kept up with the industry since selling workables, so really enjoyed the interview. Cheers. tired=O YES! Please tell me you still have an invite left! F.Y.I - The stars of "The Hunger Games" will be Grove today at 6pm. Get your wrist bands at 9am. Tebow and the Jets I'll say it again: Please change this new twitter back to the old style! This is awful SMDH You just Miss me! State reps. now taking some people inside Capitol. ME! “: I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!? #aam2012” I know, so crazy!! I couldn't believe the price was so low. Finds like that are what keep me hooked on thrifting. awesome! Please share what you learn! Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .! :) - Zaona Isn't your bride wanting a Times wedding announcement with a picture of only her a sign to run like hell? Holy shit I'm exhausted. I just got back from the office... Eastern time... Beware the beard, Peter Kavic runs #LAMarathon. Congrats bud! FBI agents, lottery tickets and dream houses. Just another day at Humphrey's Flowers. Congrats to you. You truly deserve it. Break a leg COWBOYS Just delete it and follow us instead... we're much more fun! Your BFFs Two new crazy smash hitzzzzzzzz. YES!! Yesterday, you said tomorrow. Exercise reduces risk of prostate cancer & also slows the progression of the disease in those who have it. Thanks for the Shoutout! Omg, decisions!!! I need to watch #TSC but Gotta Kick It Up comes on in half an hour! :/ Not surprising, but the difference between giants and patriots post game parties is massive. Don't go breaking my heart Enjoy it while u can. No xmas or spring or summer vacations in the real world!!! Was a rude awakening for me!! I know girl. I'm not too good at it. head exploding from following 3 live feeds!!!!!! Wow! I believe it... Me too LOL! Damn... The Seahawks are cleaning out the NFCN! Where is #onemillionmoms in the outcry against #rushlimbaugh??? Yall follow my lil bro one of da rawest zoes in Duval county I co sign you my nigga. Big dog salute Cody owns angels hearts thanks for the mention! Made it 18 mos b4 our first trip to Urgent Care w/ Now we're at Children's for a bump on the head & projectile puke. Cc Congrats, my friend! being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person Thank you and for the follow!! Im fuckin starving but I ate 2 steaks rite before I took that nap what the hell All to control the health of stock values, hide the liver transplant. Damn good PR power; probably one of few celebs who managed it. Happy birthday to our very own ! Hope u have an incredible bday weekend! Oh so this is the famous Castiel <-Kelsey xoxo> Send me a follow & I'll dm you thanks! Great suggestion - will do so. #males main twitter Sorry, should I have called? whats in your package?! :o Excited for #erl12 next week, my first conference! your car is so dope!! I love it!! Was it you Ryan? Jim Henson, Bruce Lee and Robert B. Parker. Sigh... Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer if you know a venue, let me know and I'll try and get up there with I've never touted Iowa :) you are so sweet!! and right back at ya!!:) If PM doesn't sign in Denver he is screwing us in free agency, if he goes elsewhere I will BOO him lol What to do for my 21 st????? Any ideas Choppa under my bed,Wake up in the morning roll a blunt too clear my head. Me das follow back? Yea. I've been doing the same all night on Fbook. Stupid people. I swear. 15-2.. Can anyone else say that? NOPE! =) Thanks for the follow!! We love your Hashtag Chat on Monday nights! I changed my twitter name again :) Adventure Time cosplays leaving twitter for a little while..i need to finish my wonderful homework that awaits me. :/ Do not click on any Justin Beiber facebook posts. They are viruses. good to hear from you...are you enjoying your summer? We're at the scrap yard with another 8 TONS!! that is 8 tons diverted from the dump!! U don't have to despise "traditional" marriage to support same sex marriage. I'm straight but want my gay friends to be happy. yep -- our stopped working after last big upgrade. As says, believe it had to do w/db structure. Sorry didnt tweet alot yesterday I was at my friends birthday party becuz uh kno im a good person... sort of all I did was trip a little kid thnx! will check it out! ., like studying for econ? If Cupid saw his shadow this morning that means the divorce rate will rise to 60%, right? God why is always drinking starbucks or bobba? a future. Where others have to entertain the reality that they will not eat for the rest of the week, will not have a place to lay their HUGE thanks to and Brandon LittleJon for the gear you provided to me at this years Sundance Film Festival! Just weeks away from changing the game! I wish I hadda gotten that pussy Merry Christmas and have a Happy Holiday <3 Kellie It's true what they say: music can alter moods and talk to you. Having the Glo-Mo (short for Gloria Estaban Mojito) lol I gotta come visit or get a film project there :) I miss it a lot but I love my Charlotte area hunters here come over I like the new Brooklyn Nets logo How will you be celebrating the great holiday of Milwaukee Day this Saturday, 4/14, Dan? If this faggot doesn't gtf away from me I will stab him in the neck I love My mind is like society's garbage bin, everybody that goes by stuffs something in my head. i'd be scared to feed that crap to my cats, which are fed a high protien diet, makes me wish I could make a crunchy food 4 them haha OMG. REALLY? I am somehow now the owner of a pneumatic staple gun. Somewhere a government agency has failed. alright guys here it is finally MW3 tip of the day: wen trying to get kills with machine pistols use akimbo for dual fire next tip tomorrow i sure hope so! lol oh girl he knows the peacock song! and excuse me ! you know she makes you dance ;) I laid out chicken an hour ago..I forgot I was going to cook! I KEEP IT SO G 2nd thought: Have I become jaded/cold? What can I say, it turned into a philosophical #SundayFunday! ;-) Thanks for spreading the word. Everyone likes free music, right? not the voice......American Idol #IfYouDontBecomeAFan Than You Just A Hater Tea on Tuesday rocked. Thank you to the beautiful folks who joined me! Everybody else: content-packed videos from tonight are coming soon. Ha, that's a crazy goal man, hope to see you on the cover of one day. What business(es) are you working on? And yeah hmu! I love your tweets ! How are you ? :) follow? :)xx Rest In Peace Mr Fam, you will be missed #foreverinourhearts <3 My son made his confirmation today, followed by trail run and a smoked chicken dinner with my in laws. 2003 DiStefano Syrah was outstanding. #Cloud #BI Crystal Reports alumni. Fixing dinosaur BI & eliminate a lot of pro serv required. Old BI 20% adoption rate. Greg! Yeah, I'd love some help. Want to visit some embassies with me and do some marketing? Other #GeorgetownCCT people welcomed! Stay positive, peace and love errybody! I'm trying to think of a practical application for this superpower(?) much like Edward Scissorhands cut shrubs. Smart man. My mind was born in the gutter. The last thing I needed was an hour less of sleep. Acai sorbetto is here, feeling healthy? this one is for you Of course I would start crying when seniors sang their song. Freakin balling my eyes out! Just think 2 more years and I'l be crying worse:,) Will you be at either event tomorrow night? Also, I emailed a bunch of media inquiries to to pass on to you. :) Now if we could just get the GOP to acknowledge math we'd have something! ;-) love your concept, very cool can I still listen to it? Planet Texas Studios is a 2D and 3D animation design and production company for broadcast, games, interactive and educational media. thanks so much for the Rt. Loved your April fools joke! Working on my bathroom''' Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofits. Fun. Any parent that has had a son or daughter involved in Pop Warner in San Diego County knows how much Junior Seau gave of himself. I'm writing again ha no more ruts And don't you hate when autocorrect changes the word to something you don't want Keep posting your thoughts. People are listening. :) Im still on the fence about going.....im scared of haha My profile picture in my timeline is coming up as - even #Facebook has bugs. I got 99 problems and a broken air conditioner IS one. Grrr. ohh, I have both, it's the table of contents thats not right. is that on the plaza? if i can't check my character before i go to work i'll be upset, come on. I didn't pop addy's and stay up for 25 hrs for nothing do you have a fb? Colts TD baby! Here we go! Stop them Defense! “: Bout to get wit the fam in the land!!!” come out to Northfield Mike Greenberg just called Louisville little brother on Mike & Mike Just cast my vote! Please participate; nothing worse than seeing the potential we have squandered due to a lack of leadership. Man up anthem! Playing with my new thunderbolt phone! Follow me? e So do we and let us know if you would like us to help in their development. thats right... #Green&Yellow Hell is an eternity of ironing dress pants and folding fitted sheets while Kanye West & Nicki Minaj rap about what a poor job you're doing. My follows to followers ratio is all fuccd up The future is #tech but is, has always been & will always be #media. Period. Milwaukee rappers < Game 7 twitches! UTSA girls have nothing on her. Can't call on schools to "raise" children & want less government oversight in your personal life w/o being a hypocrite. What track(s) out of our catalog would be a good ringtone?? Drink Dank n Dice - Wear your vices with pride! Agreed RT : "this just tastes like stale water" -- my grandpa, after sampling four different starbucks drinks in a super good mood but idk why cause i'm just chilling home alone... maybe that's it lol. i love being alone :) Oh, the crushing sadness of Firefox add-ins that only work with older versions of Firefox. I know D: ! When I get back from Cali, we will. Yes? Yes. But I liked the goths … I'm mad that isn't even following me back lol Not tough at all except when dining at one of the red-sauce joints some of my sources prefer. 3868645059 <- Prank call it. (: thanks, Hope you like it Totally Digging Selena and Demi this coming year! Both gorgeous and sweet women. Disney has had great stars! Hm. That's too bad. I just looked at your profile. As a cat lover, I can tell you it's 192% true. Because I can say something about helmets & it gets 20x amount of attention than trying to talk about other safe-riding behavior Beanie Man is the man... For real. Doh! Thought we did. At a twitter limit now. Have to wait. Please email Kelsye at writer.ly 60 odd degrees today and I burn like an albino. You needa teach us some pointers! :) Actual P1 questions on Twitter probably need a "this is not a bit" disclaimer...though you'll get joned on either way. do you have a generator so you can keep pouring those shots if the power goes out? lupe fiasco is #thatonepersonwho makes me have hope in hiphop music Patt Morrisson: lost opportunity of 9/12. Didn't ask for sacrifice, didn't capitalize on the unity we had. John Ferguson of North College Hill P.D. in Ohio, stopped a car for speeding and asked the young lady why she wasn't wearing her seatbelt... RT Only thing I feel like needs to be changed in 2011 is my eating habits and exercise again...hell I'm already workin hard JOIN THE FOLLOWING REVOLUTION! FOLLOW AND TO GAIN MORE FOLLOWERS! FOLLLOOOOWWWWW I see you. RT : #Kosher food trucks - great idea! for venues/small communities & just for fun! HA! poor grandma! LOL To me, flaws aren't "flaws"... It's what makes each individual unique. No one can strip away ones emotions for another Ah, of course Cincinnati Bell doesn't refund prorated monthly fees you've already paid once you cancel. Something they informed me of last. Yup...Wade RT : RT : tell how the fuck we suppose to stay friends, when we gotta bunch of feelings that we don't show. how have you been???? what is good for st. patty's people? If you think about it, money -- its very existence and necessity -- is a constant in-pocket reminder that humankind doesn't trust itself I have a heater now for my room. Life is beautiful. would you love to date me ? Waiting for an answer feels like forever. made me literally lol. Why I love twitter. I need to eat something you feel me? All I can say is I love u mom<3 ur best mom ever #happymothersday I love u Hearing dogfight with King-Hopper and Pasch-Darling. No surprise but still time to get ppl to polls. Ahh for sure yes!! YES. MT Pat Summitt, you're not John Wooden of women's basketball. You are the Pat Summitt of college athletics. no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one You too! Stay tuned for Oak Leaf Trail fun this summer! When we're not fucked up we are useless =X 1st Madison show in a long time. Pasqual's Hilldale 5-8 pm. Originals, covers, live music, good drinks, good food. Lets do this! I'm sorry that your braces hurt. It'll get better though :) not much just browsing YouTube :) A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z. Hey #Vancouver ...is it time to burn down the city yet? #LAKings SCORE! So it looks like the new drink for tonight at saga will be ciroc peach!! Gonna have to try it so dont miss out tonight gonna be live!! only following in your footsteps love. i'm so over studying already :( Time is money and im on a mission tho thanks lady. we need to organize an artist retreat. i have the space in lochapoka, alabama on my aunts 30 country acres. I'm very lucky. Not only am I too sexy for my shirt, I'm also too hairy for my age. Some times you need to carry that paper and pencil on you all day long lest your thoughts tickle your insides all day long! Next time we brunch, it must only be amongst diversity! Fennimore 1B Trevor Lyeter makes a diving stop to his right and tosses it to P Evan Friesen covering first for the out. Great play! It's a well documented fact sir that women glow when they are pregnant and become more beautiful. Happy Birthday Danny! Have a Earth-Tastic Day :) Wow, I dreamt last night that I invented pure WATER that I converted to a lightweight granular form. Easily transportable & storable. RT BREAKING: The #Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on #S1789. 74 yeas, 22 nos. SAVE THE DATE! Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012. See you then! Wouldn't buying in bulk be cheaper? Either they're confused or Costco is. got my nose re-pierced #OneThingAboutMe is that I pray every night to wake up in the morning to see that followed me ! who on this shit More leaders should lead by example. Inspire teams to innovate, exceed short, long term targets, drive rather than follow their market. Can't wait to see what has in store for us this year!! BRUNO IS OUR WINNER. Good thanks! Out helping #RVA prepare their AC units for the summer. How as yours? Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown Stop complaining about your goddamn blue balls. That's what you get when you're dating someone several towns over and work 24/7. I'm tired af I'm goin to sleep good night I'm sleeping with a smile on my face tonight and your the reason :) he's too clean cut for me. Lololol Wonderful weather for scouting! ;) The key to winning escalator races is to get the #1 pole position safe traveling to you too! Maybe we'll see you there! yeah I lived in small-town Michigan w/ no jobs. There weren't a lot of options. I don't regret my school debt. No its okay. It's not I want to talk to you. Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite! $3 shots! Ugly Sweater Contest! En route to St. Maarten, ciao Miami! I've never liked Fairy Odd Parents. I just realize that no one on this corner has swagger like me! $42 spike in the $AAPL aftermarket, I can see the swarms racing to it. Thanks bebe!! Giving Buster some Hess love. “: mi casa!! Tequila and vodka on the fridge.” Very cold tonight into tomorrow - wind chill values staying around or below zero! I'll have details coming up on 10TV News at 6! Who wins the Notre Dame - Xavier game? The Pope. RT : RT "Life is to short that's y I live it to the fullest ." Is there anything more wonderfully perverse than O-Shen? Hawaiian Reggae Hip-Hop. It's like a one-man mash-up. LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later good to see you too Brian. Good luck at Allstar! #norespect for those that do what they are ashamed of Hi. I am a fan of the paranormal genre. I checked out your website. Is Emilys House good? First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it until the morning. Those people who say Amen after every scentence... <<< Damm man you must have some real good people and reps looking out for you. Congrats, hope you break a leg... RT : The revolutionary artist is never afraid of being on the front lines of cultural and social resistance. Used Volkswagen Golf GTI buyers' guide - MSN Cars UK lol your not the only one :p but yes you're a rock star too! Network connectivity has been restored, so we're back up, but still keeping an eye on things. answer the question! Didn't you start prop D? Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin right.... um pretty sure you are so just get over it(: Building a foundation of trust to begin with is something to establish early before they get to social media age. what about me <U+0001F622> MAN 2PAC IS NOT DEAD HE SOMEWHEREE HIDDEN AND IM STANDIN ON IT If it wasn't for the strange rain, awesome. #RunChat Q6) "I don't have any running gear" Glad you enjoyed the Louv & Charles interview in the American Journal of Play! Thx for the blog post. Getting the Awareness and Visibility to our small ministry for Abused Children Am take my kids bike riding tomorrow <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+2764> they love it Never thought I'd be following fictional characters on twitter #JustSaying it's kinda weird Probably gonna buy my shirt, poster, and bracelets on Friday! (: Best laugh on the internets. can I get a RT for my birthday?! :-) thanks guys! Truly RT : “God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself. Because apart from him, there is no such thing.” CHICKEN THREE WAYS – confit leg quarter, pan roasted breast, smoked wing: Carolina gold rice, buttered peas, mushroom pan Bed time Hudson news at 2000 penn in foggy bottom i am starving but don't know what the hell to eat Rob Krosley & Kate Haralson will be playing in Mocha's @ 7pm TONIGHT! Come and get 15% off Rob's favorite drink! #LarrySexTapeLeaked Nickelodeon wants this? Lolz they don't know what their getting into. Going to take myself out on a study date soon to Starbucks<3 you can stop by any time. does he wear flannel everyday too? :-) Frolik is getting the GWG tonight. He just is. ryan's on the g-tar. julian's on the pencil, i'm on the mac, and matt's on the other mac. I go every Sunday wear reflective clothing Good one. My husband laughed really hard. #what's thatsupposedtomean? bcuz you play 24/7 and cheat. Haha jk. I'm actually better, but I don't play nonstop. SO ready to get in the studio with ! I have ALOT to get ff my chest!!! ;) Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: Democrats believe in governance ... Republicans not so much. #Confession I don't care abt players or fans. The is like a giant cock that jizzes money into my bank account. When they play a song on the radio to much <<< Man... I can't stand these long weekend phone calls with House show this coming Monday! second place victory, no less than victory, & come support these awesome bands So someone around me smells...terrible. They need to get away form me like, now. Please Enter you label into my Free Label Contest. Send the label to if you want to join. The old man next to me at a show just said "nudge me if I fall asleep." and the usher has two dogs with him- gizzy and mo. Get ready for the summer... Just sayin'... Love life n love blunts!!!! If we all strive to be our best, disappointments will become a thing of the past Compiling a list of best travel memoirs. Do U have a fav? #travelmemoirs As Paladin might've said, "Have Book, Will Travel." It was a methaphor 4 taking a true deep look @ urself which no 1 can tell u! Not even ur mom u have 2 discover it Lori versus Andrea? Dang. I'm in Lori's camp for sure... usually the end of August. Why?? You going to come on up and do my hair and makeup?? waitin on God to bless <U+0001F64F> me for all the good I have done #Faith is Knowing I'm not chubby bitch“ he's better behind the camera- as someone once said- I "have a great face for radio".... :-) Robby is a damn punk... I'm not sure when I'm coming down next. is coming up this weekend. Down!?RT : Im gonna apply at Barnes and noble or best buy for the summer:b anyone down to apply with me?:b fixing our economy shouldnt allow our president to spend more money we dont have Shout out to for shedding some tears before the game even started haha MUST READ BOOK: The Great Crash Ahead by It contains key insights on dangers and opportunities of the new economy. Writing all the scenes from Act 3 I know how to do first, then will fill in the rest. Got to build momentum to get to the finish. I appreciate that! Soon as I get to my laptop I'll check the video you linked. The 9 May of 2012 A person followed me :) thanks :) I love you so much :D Hawks trippin but we only down 8 Best news yet. RT jayemtee Strongest rumor for costume set for #phish #festival8 : Exile on Main St. w/ Sharon Jones on guest vox i stay awake for my dreams It's my dog's 5th birthday tomorrow and my mom is getting him gifts, why can't I have a normal family? Yes,FANSHOES my company will be at our 1st t-show @ Camex-Houston next week. Still working with my team in Asia on footwear samples Check out #sharktank -- season 3 premieres tonight right now! Wow could I ask you for a follow bruh & ask you a question? I just wanna go a little deeper.. ok. Let me know. - look at the bright side, you're so hot it shows...lol Ugh, I bind this headache in Jesus' name... (But imma take this Tylenol too just in case) Y is it ok 2 #bail out #wallstreet when I say I need some help w/ #rent they tell me 2cut the #pork & get 2nd job, work harder! what's there to write about? Chuck (as and call him), is GOD and Flynn is awesome backup I LOVE YOU YOUR THE MOST DOWN TO EARTH ,CUTE FUNNY, SMART ,HOT, SEXIEST ,AND SWEETEST GUY EVER!!!!!!!!(: I love that plays Creedence Clearwater Revival on my Jack Johnson channel. Movie time <U+0001F4A2> Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!! :) Just finished my 3rd...count it 3! articles now on Associated Content. Only 310 to catch up with you! tomorrow...lol So it's new jack Citi for the opponents. Where's Judd Nelson and Ice-T? (cont.) adults through reducing stress; and seniors by “exercising” the brain. Did a BodyRock workout AND went for a run tonight. Hopefully I sleep well! contact zac at the office 5032825158. #PITTSBURGH though! Happy Birthday ....... 21 years today. I Love you. I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :'P As I stare at my Bobby Lutz-signed basketball on my desk, there's a part of me that would be sad to see him go to VT. Just tapped Lips of Faith Coco Mole. I'm not a tiny dancer but you can hold me closer. Thanks for posting the slides for L&C presentation in Global Learning You might think I'm sweet and innocent girl, but baby I can rock your world. You see a halo, well there just hiding my horns. RT : Da bomb is the hottest hot sauce I ever ate My best friend in ballet is 26 years old..I need friends my own age. I think you're underestimating your own level of gate-keeping. Havlat just flicked off the crowd at Staples after he scored. Wow. Classy. so glad your ok an there to help! Xxoo Feel bad for -voice of the #Ravens. People have him confused with the Penn State coach. Show him some love Baltimore and RT! Tomorrow is my last day of high school. :( I hate March madness cuts into The most important part of an athlete's body is above his shoulders. ~ Ty Cobb King Co. Sheriff's deputies spotted a bear around 2am in Maple Valley. Dispatchers confirm bear ran off, NO active search underway. Nicholas French unplugged was an incredible event. Lots of PICs to come We are at Rubios Miami office but they refuse to meet with us or let the press do their job. Call him and demand his staff meet with us! Word! RT Dear Netflix, pull your rush Limbaugh ads. I can totally live without you. y'all niggas are pricks Congrats on the booking! Can u say for what commercial? You never posted my grad photo, and I was sexy back then Everything is never as it seems. Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two))) beer = drunk lets do it! Start living for you! I wouldn't want to acquire his contract. RT : Josh Beckett needs to get traded. Sorry the next Chicken Announcement at Midnight!!! Amen brother! Loved it! #amen RT : Sometimes You'd expect more from others just because you're willing do to anything for them. adorable! I dare you to explain the concept to mom. where was Lane in tonight's episode? Of course we will veto the bill!! This nation cannot afford to cut the deficit, cap our spending OR balance the budget! We MUST raise taxes! Some times I wonder why the hell I met you... This is sad, but am hopeful something else will pop up. Dude if this happens again, ill go ape shit my pleasure! RECESS!! Such a treat for Positive Tomorrows students on this beautiful day! I don't always slow cook braised brisket while working from home, but when I do I eat all the snacks like a shark with blood in the water. I know I am meant to go crazy. I guess it's just a matter of time now. We're next Looking forward to testing some new recipes this weekend Walking and talking with from about utilizing twitter as non-profit execs. I feel sick :[ Need tools for linked data, bridge gap between catalogers/metadata mgrs and programmers/coders Hi Marc, I would love to have you on m radio show from Jerusalem, Israel! Your not alone for the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! :) Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals you already know. I can sleep when I die. So for now, o ok. that was common sense. GBR. PLEASE FALLOW ME!!! ( jazmyne i did that on purpose) Be sure to follow us ag and LIKE us on FB. We’ll post this chat transcript there www.facebook.com/achieveglobal obessed with take care by drake an rihanna favorite song an without u you scared me for a second there ya mama u r so energetic about mars!*_* Just met ! Excited for tonight's show! My house and car are covered by ash. Say a little prayer for rain. If I die today, Remember me as John Lennon. Me, my couch, and leftovers! Have a lovely evening! we have met. I love We'd be happy to work with you on that. That said has webform generation ability too. i try to think about that but i dont know that song.. The only team that could do that is the #Pirates, Tim. Who am I? Where have you been? Buy 4 meals and get the 5th one free at in Chicago. A perfect moment to point out how awesome #Belly is to your pals, amiright? DC gets the cold shoulder from offshore #CRE investors in 2012 AFIRE survey www.afire.org April is the wettest in 100 years - Harry Lynch 57&#39;s blog HAHA!! RT: “: That was really South Carolina of you, North Carolina.” i want to eat red meat and shellfish!!!! RT : R.I.P Steve Reid, wonderful jazz drummer... :( im so nervous about what my final grades will be I love your post about talking to our kids each day about sex. Please follow me! We have a great deal in common. Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek. Can u please follow me(: eating cake oh shit. Maxi is mad at you and is that all your doing? I don't care what you say, sir, the Compromise of 1850 was no compromise at all! Clay caved to every one of Douglas's demands! thanks for the retweet Ms. Team Red. :) #loveanimals too :) Have fun in Miami! Winning is about his art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong Yesterday was mothers day so I forgot to tweet, too busy hanging with my mom lol but happy late mothers day to you all. Help. Me. Now. If you running a company everything should have a deadline....just because you not in the game doesnt mean you dont operate like it OMG I'M SEEING LATER. THEIR CONCERTS ARE SO FUN AND AMAZING. I'M READY TO RAGE! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN'T WAIT! <3 Christians have Christmas. I have Bike To Work Day. Thanks y'all for riding. You are awesome! Every Single Time I See Your Face, It Reminds Me Of Why I Walked Away Super letdown; super moon looks super normal from EG, RI. So ppl can talk shit and not get put in they place....swear they met the right one, ASSES use to getting away with shit NOT THIS TIME HMMP! Introducing Trapp Candles at Watts! Stop in & enter to win over $100 of Trapp Fragrances. No purchase necessary. Guys are dropping like flies in the playoffs. Rose, Shumpert, Noah, Davis... That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women Cooking all night at a michelin star resto doesn't mean I can't scarf a steak and stilton pasty on my way home from work! Good point. Maybe I should make it a bit more flexible. "If I never see him again, it'll be soon enough." anyone got this? who would of known that the person that mad me the happiest would hurt my feelings the most Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person''s physical, emotional, and mental states. The problem is you're standing here, but your mind is in Outer Fucking Space somewhere! #FuckOuttaHere! I don't hate him at all. Like the guy. Didnt mean otherwise.My point was for chicken littles not to let sky start falling again. We are excited about what you do. Keep up the great work! Glory to God Glory to God! Great conference today with and #TX House District 102 Public & Higher Education Advisory Committee. Thank you Rep. Carter! where u hear that foolishness ? #IDidntTextYouBack because you're always giving me one word replies let's play 2! I need an umbrella <U+0001F4A6><U+0001F646> Wait... Does that mean I'm not a cool kid? Found 2 dollars in my jeans. Going to the cubs game with reese and jen. Its beautiful outside, its going to be a great day! I got to see last night! Still pretty as ever! has new clearance items in our Accessories and Men's departments. #newarrivals cashmere sweaters for women and men yeah glad I decided not to go down that road. CRAP ON A CRACKER !!!!!!!!! I MISSED MURPH! #busyseason sniff RT : Daniel Murphy is on now! Tune in! Anxiety getting the best of me again New category: People who read your twitter because they like reading your twitter and in doing so learn there are naked pictures . Thank you for the follow! i never though i had to say this cuz its hard to say well i guess Goodbye... :'( An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets. I'm an Ohio ex-pat now in Johnson City, so we gots to kick #Michigan's ass! oh I figured that was the case.. RT 'Thanks! Enjoy." Dinner Wearing the same thing I wore the last time I went out? It's okay because it's my uniform ala ! $2 Drinks tonight!!! No Cover! Come boogie!!!! Good ideas all around! There is your project for tonight, and then wrap them for gifts! :) Lawd, I have sinned..all in the name of frustration. <U+0001F621><U+0001F621><U+0001F621><U+0001F622><U+0001F622> Eeps! Sorry Bianca. Thank *you* for the S/O too! :) The baby's here?! Dude. Congratulations man! Only the real rock-stars can support two early stage-startups. RT : : NOW I see the value of #missions - Following the lead of and Have you guys priced this stuff? Expensive for ground-up roots! RT : It comes in a can. fine you could just say you don't want me to held ;3 If BC is used by women and they then are sluts, what about guys using Viagra when the point of their sex is non=reproductional in nature. After this semester of school I'm deff moving back to the city what song is that from ?? I can't sleep. RT : BREAKING: Chip Kelly changes his mind, tells a highly placed UO source: "I'm staying." RT : The #indycar - Dreamworks project's name is a lot more catchy ("Turbo") than if it had to be "Normally Aspirated." Studying one last time for Sunday- A sermon burning on my heart! Can't wait to preach it! I'm blessed to have a guy that opens the car door for me&admits his failures; but more important,a man that loves Jesus&encourages me daily. Movie Was Awsome:-) so sexual doesn't count? “: nah, I don't feel better at the expense of other people.” just finished reading Warren Buffett's biography- a mammoth book & an awesome & I truly mean awesome topic. :') Madi told you didn't she?(: hahah IT DOES!!! “: I almost got into a car accident. #sudden” yeah it's kinda spooky haha. Happy Friday! Here's hoping for a smooth day at work yea look up Fresh-Bonus and SmokenListen...I just recently changed my name to RicoLove was the basketball star there? ha oh sweet! thanks, grazie :) Trying to practice staying in character because this boy in my group just makes me laugh so hard! the nfl and the mlb can't Some still shots, vids are loading soon!... i just got the shivers, why is it always so cold in wisconsin! okay, i'm still bored w/ or without a phone. k YES! i think i'm going the 2nd weekend. i went the 2nd weekend this year and i knew ppl who went to both that said it was better. “: why you up so early” the same reasons u up so early ;p There's a pretty good one in Leichhardt on Norton, few blocks N of Parramatta Road maybe I can get them to trade Roll of Thunder for Crow hm took note of needing to come earlier on Wednesday because the crowd at #ZeidlerPark loves ya! Approaching Major League caliber. If you're comparing them to the It is appropriate that spring break is the week after St Patrick's Day weekend. Annoying Ass On Again , Off Again Relationships < Bitch , Stay Together & Stay Broken Up ! you're welcome. happy 4th of July what u think of the wayne so far? Psyched that the boots I've been wanting for months are now available for pre-order! Today is a good day. where is the new office? Victorian Sparks ~ Bo is very legendary fan of is absolutely amazing. She deserves best tweets & her icon. Yes! Sorry for the delay in response! Send us (Sarah & Christine) an email at submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com. it is what it is Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!Not interested,but know someone who is? We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com Does anybody know when the all star weekend is? Can blind people see their dreams? Today I'm grateful for work, for being able to support myself with a valuable skill. While many still struggle, I count my blessings. RT :6 I see you missy.. keep pushing! <=== thx recognition is always nice! !!!! Agreed. It's called risk tolerance. Problem is we don't know what the risk/reward calculation is for this one #smcrva use video to enable beneficiaries to thank donors publicly About to head out to the meeting Tonight's going to be too sick!! Knifeparty starts @ 10:30pm, Don't be late! taking this late lunch out on a gravel road and into the country. i'll find a spot to admire nature and food <3 bored as hell Really wanna go to the skatepark but none of my friends are awake to come with me YOYO ! Thats a cute picture of us :D ! Crazyman on subway told me I'm the most beautiful girl on the world. "It smells like Bigfoot's dick" : haha wahh? I wish I HAD any! New Followers Rock THX --> wishing the toy was me!! Natural Cures Eczema Infants | Beat Eczema It's even better, when someone uses some keywords of the title in their comments I wish it would snow right now, just little bit. I'm not asking for much, just enough to go snowboarding for a night It's in there, it's a hyper link. Please email me offline if you have questions. #Seau To prevent brain injury, I'd never let my sons play football. #OnFurtherThought I wonder what position Joe Biden played. The weather!!I LIKE!!! ;) From one humble alum, grad 93, welcome 2400 new alumni! Mario Williams is going to Buffalo huh? Everyone is allowed one horribly bad decision in their life Go to a club with your headphones on. Thanks Cameron and you as well Taylor!!! O that is a good topic! don't get me started. Thought and prayers going out for those at Chardon High School. Yawns again!! does added desingation mean you bring an AJbombers to Madison??? We can eat peanuts and tweet within a reasonable drive? Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 3): School is out. More time for music! Lovely to meet Sina who works in our twin town Emmendingen - here in Newark for work experience with & Some people don’t know that there are angels whose only job is to wake you up and make sure you don’t miss your life. you did all that before 10am???? Lol Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! Is it happy hour yet? Ladies: Please dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen. Hate it when your eyes burn after you take a shower. It hurts badly lol. Agree! But Boy A and The Brothers Bloom are my favorites! :-) I have a twitchy eye & I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to capture Peter Pan? Im so damn sleepy omgg [4/5] ...Daniel Hutchinson and Kristen Law Sagafi of ... Thanks Sansome street! See you all tomorrow at Spear & Mission 11-2pm. "Let Down" and "No Surprises" are two of my favorite songs from OK Computer. A friend of mine said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon. I hope UCONN plays tomorrow like the are playing tonight Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limitations can't be eliminated. Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you! Re-posted my tweet, sometimes the link works, a few seconds later it doesn't. Thanks for the heads up. we are great, business is really picking up. Hows things on your end? I'm the novelty that never wears out ;-) Thursday @ the Moose - Peach and Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque - thanks for a job well done! Stay here as our Coach until you retire. Big Blue Nation and Coach Cal is a great combination. Just show the extra features. Everyone loves blooper reels. So….how are you still there? ZING! Well, since everyone is confused about Where Justin is because his tweet conflicts with Sean's tweet... He's in my bed. Okay? I'M SORRY. oh really then i must keep massaging lol x3 our duo album is up next! ah shit those are so good -.- idk where to find you one I'm sorry I gotta problem Tomorrow means it's time for our #TUESDAYSPECIAL! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for just $4.99! Use promo code - TUE499! GREAT DEAL. Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings. Terrible game. Sick seats. C'mon Rae...get with it;) ADR stands for Advanced Dining Reservations at Disney World!! So if I say ADR, you say......? been up for two hours...have yet to eat. Training with all the other great managers on Howard Hanna tech updates so we can teach our agents! Let the training begin! sad story :( #ReplaceEminemSongWithShady Not Shady :D when he has brown hair Nope. Washington, DC. Been here almost 8 yrs. playoff pacers baby !!!!! how is everyone? Too many lies, not enough truths. Can you provide a screenshot? Do you mean the keyboard toolbar isn't being closed when the keyboard closes? Good morning friends and fans! and some way to far to look at! :-\ I can't believe that someone is still trying to sell the BlueMeteor domain for 15K. Sorry--my website didn't publish the changes from when I updated the price. It's accurate now. Thanks for the heads up! We do like to be a gem.... hopefully we will have some good weather this week so you can come out and see us! LL Radio Free IBA will include "a ton" of raspberry purée. Tom Porter isn't sure how much will come through as the sugars will be fermented. Me neither! Never watched it. Good riddance! Hi!! Can you please ask Ariana to follow me? Its okay if everyone asks you it and you have too many. lol Thank u 3<U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665> #itsFriday #endofanotherweek - were you more productive this week than last? I wouldn't support a bad product... no matter what. Come on you Sixers!!!! Today's goal: make a friend today,even if the friendship only lasts a moment. Is hoping to be able to go to the Kid Koala show tomorrow Thank you! :]] Love you too <U+2665> xo iCloud document storage works across Macs and PCs. We're all together in Steve's world now. Though Wintel on the wane. I might have to turn the game off and come back after my heart stops pounding #thirstythursday...what's in your glass tonight? Woke up sick, great “: Nj RT question no one care about but who are islanders fans cheering for in the ecf?” The sports life of Evan. When you're at the top, you meet all types of people. When you're at the bottom, you see their true colors... yes to everything! And not that it matters, but I believe Sheree re: the booking "drama" Busy week with Glogster, Animoto, wikis, and physics projects. I'm tired, but had a blast! just coming back from it, when all of a sudden…FLYBY Fixed. ": For me, it goes in this order: Last Crusade, Raiders, Temple of Doom, all of LOST, Crystal Skull." "Trust advisors who talk about the customer experience" says Chris Davey of Sapient Nitro Appreciate it, homie! M's prospect Rich Poythress on baseball and life: "You have to know what kind of player you are to be successful consistently." great and thank you!! We're still in the development process of our service. I'll be in touch with specifics. haha! anytime -- I'm so glad Joyce announced on her Facebook when she'd be singing :) little golden zinnia 16.I hate math. Future or 2Chainz? Justin Bieber -_- yay break time for me ah that sucks.. Yeah I had work the next morning.. I didn't leave the venue til around 12. Hahaha Go get it, gurl. That awkward moment when your mom ask if you like boys or girls. Wow mom just wow. That amazing feeling when your crush texts you first. Let's all just wave this "lost fan" a big, fat bye! :D That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood. $3 HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS! Select local drafts, house wines, rail drinks from 4-7pm! Today, I'm grateful for my department colleagues. We may disagree about matters great and small, but even so, we have good conversations. This dirty ass bitch just tried to come for me..... don't do it is all imma say !!!!!! it's ridiculous heat in 4 Comment I received on personal site (1/2): "Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in reality was a amusement account it." Don't forget Tico's us open until 7pm tonight! Thank you, did you try it? It was good clean advice after all. Some people need to be on beyond scared straight. I looked at it yesterday. She ain't saying much. “I have identical twins, only 1 got Autism. Shots are a factor not a cause. Vaccines that use mercury do not cause autism You're a great person Instagram is getting annoying with this constant not refreshing thing it likes to do. Much love given right back babe! :) Be a best friend, tell the truth. And overuse "I love you". Go to work, do your best. Don't outsmart your common sense. yo that bitch looks like Skrillex Lady Gaga is shutting out media because she wants to "get rid of the noise" creating time for herself to focus on her next album. I'm so excited and looking forward to a completely fresh new outlook on making music! to all the women in this whole wide woorrrrld....you're the only one i ever loved I'm so uncomfortable right now. Ugh Selena Is Our Beauty Queen<3 Business digest Y u no tweet me like u say u gonna? #YouKnowItsRealWhen you stay up until 3am on skype with we plan to cut your hair on stage in Wichita. We love you that much <3 yes I do. I'm an actress. Still in Beantown? i'm at 2050-F Chamblee Tucker Rd, just north of PDK... www.btbfitness.com // Thanks for being at ! Bitch we the defending WORLD CHAMPIONS!!! Aint even sweatin anything yo Gettin drunk on a weekday?.... There is an art to the conversation (via SM) There is an art to conversation. #140confdm There is a ROI 4 good conversations I received a FREE Spicy Chicken Sandwich from Chick-fil-A. Go to www.getspicychicken.com to get yours! I'm gunna marry the night Haven't seen E.T. in such a long time RT if you support Justin Bieber if so send me a pic of you cause I'm makin a vid of all the supports and sending it tO Justin Bieber There's a #fire in SE #Baltimore, just heard & saw several fire trucks, raining but hazy & smoky sky. Went outside & started coughing Tweet...tweet likes to lick buttholes in her spare time ...the way you bend my will. NRBQ version by any chance? “: the camera is too. lol” the camera has been buying me shots all night..I think he wants to get lucky ahh ha ha blaah omg was it that good?! #ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you leave some clothes and/or a tooth brush at each others house. Yall know what I'm talkin 'bout! Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj. That would be AWESOME, don't ya think? How cool is the ceremony for hanging the Stanley Cup banner in Boston? Gave me goosebumps. up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down I'm so lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely... Shame to waste a memorable effort by Kobe. But look at the bright side: Metta World Peace will be back to take on the I was just messing around with some MK vs DCuniverse. I love sub zero and smoke is a beast. We should vs sometime. #15peopleIlove My mom and her mom and her mom and continue that till you get 15! It was really fun! Great to see you! Hugs!!! I'm really nervous, I've done these type of things before but I still get nervous :p Have 5 goals to accomplish,knoe i can get them done Congratulations to my friends who didn't accomplish what they set out to do but achieved something greater along the way. #BackInElementarySchool we worried about cooties not HIV and std Really glad at least we had a decent day for our golf outing and seminar this week. This rain won't go away! THE soul is eternal...itsuncommon.org Looking forward to dinner at 's! Got a really close look at the Tesla Model S today. That is one sexy cool car :) Don't you know you gotta sag to swag Congratulations to all the new student council representatives! Today is national kiss day & Friday the 13th things are about to get stupid weird tonight! O snap! Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love to win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub! If I had it I would give you some. I am the way I am because I want to see you all eat. It's all for the people who sweat for me. Yes, and maybe the DH subgroup examples can extend options for wider practice RLEC to hold collectible, antique sale why is my dog barking tho? The refs ejected Rondo after bumping the ref. It was a 50/50 ball that should have been a jump ball. of course! Your jewels are stunning. I covet them all! I know Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish Brethren! Thank you, Akhila!! I just really don't want to go back there. Even if it's only for the afternoon. True friendship is having a full bank to draw on Every beer has an equal but opposite beer. Thrive lunch will be held at Hector’s Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston @ 11:30am ! Hope to see you there! Band practice with a band of hugely talented musicians! :) thinking we need to go to #victoriassecret for some new #broncosapparel yay #football has finally started!!! You don’t have to be a big corporation to outsource 3) Curatorial and bibliographic expertise are more visible, more important, and more widely distributed than before~ Ahh this weather is amazing! I hope it stays! We went to someone's house for lunch (peeps u both know but we havent seen in awhile) & of course there was dessert..z Ericka weak af to me... I don't like her new Frankie's TIKI MUG will be available at the bar Friday at 6pm fuck my pussy and by the way can you make me squirt? I'm OK. Had a nice day with my parents yesterday. Saw The Avengers, which is great! but i lay there in the dark and dont talk to anyone and thats not what youre doing Congratulations on your Huffington Post piece. I really enjoyed reading it. Off to Chicago for ICLS. I'm still sort of on Europe time, and even I'm getting worn out from this latest travel stretch. is there a set time for it? The ol nap in the car at lunch...I feel much better. Twitter is my morning newspaper! ing does not even begin to cover it. Thanks for the tip! That's nice of you! I've left mine at the gym twice this week but I've been lucky and remember it 5 min. later. - Bryan #IWishYouKnew what I'm really thinking #OOMF needs to wake the fxck up! Wedding Bells are ringing! First wedding shoot of the year starts tomorrow! <3 ONE MORE MONTH until opening night of the Magical Lamp of Aladdin!!!! Mark your calendars! Heard power 105 is doing a tribute. We'll be listening in the office #RIPBIG can't believe it's been 15 years Bleu Magazine is looking for an online editorial intern. School credit can be given. Submit resumes to . NYC based + You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear. Happy Hump Day! Stop by the Goat for lunch and start the second half of your week off right with $2 Mexican Cerveza all day long!!! why don't you get some already?! i need a co-owner who would like to co-own :)? "Keep a green bough in your heart and a singing bird will come." Lao Tsu U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!! Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me Thanks for the welcome, Chanel!:) yea yea imma c how u act next week? Date night? We can go to Will's? that means your sight is improving! how awesome - mine gets worse and worse, total blindness will surely follow right on! Yeah, awesome concept. thanks suze! I love you too! Didn't he pass that law? Lilly Ledbetter Act, or am I remembering wrong? Bozo. Look at Jeter's numbers over last year, one of top SS in MLB. NICE! love the attitude RT #BeautifulPeopleInMyTL Everyone. Every single person I follow is beautiful (: I'm going home tomorrow, to see my grandma and everyone else in my family. :) Tedski--You are really into ridiculous comparisons. Your moral equivalencies are absurd. you are the bomb in "Scandal". So happy for you and am a big fan!! as long as it cant see through clothes thank u :) I know right they betta stop Hatin on him show love to 6. it's worse now, the phone just continues to restart itself. no service. Metta world peace? What kind of shit is that!? That name makes me want to punch a baby. Started the day with a fire alarm at our office. Luckily the fire dept. came and declared a false alarm. What a way to start the week! Girl. I feel for.you. I will not be traveling this weekend. B/c of it Thanks for the mention! So whose gonna be at reggae fest tomorrow? So tired but can't sleep Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album! Thank you for being our 500th follower! Damn again!? “: Heard Somebody Just Got Killed Around The Corner!! #Damn” oh my god hahahahaha Read 's tweets. I thought you two were drinking together Shopping for Halloween costumes. Good morning all!! We apologize, technical difficulties. Voting was temporarily interrupted for all submissions. Thanks. DYK? Carrie P. Meek, former U.S. Congresswoman was a member of DST. .. Have this recording thing that I need to get set up to start recording with better quality You're completely right, is a huge O_o, guess your little one isn't so little anymore. My bad lol that obviously had nothing to do with Super Troopers. :) Always open for a talk, put me on speed dial. Hey, remember to send me that strumming file twitter...its been too long! Very frustrated now. Looks to be 2 weeks before my computer is back. Thanks for keeping on! Mahala ka pua, ua wehe kaiao - The blossoms are opening, for dawn is breaking. Hawaiian phrase of the day. so i've heard,but i wouldn't know anything about that haha . Glad to see another town council on Twitter! Jay is going to get in line for tickets on Saturday :-) OFC ( Obama's Fried Chicken ) In China #Bazinga... Having a little withdrawal of #TheBigBangTheory. An episode will be in order when I get home tonight. NEVER call a girl UGLY or FAT even if your just joking.... Thanks for following! You Obviously Love Oreos. and THERE IS YOUR DAGGER! Me too. That is why I leave a spare in my suitcase and travel handbag at all time. I'm sure the happiest day of my dad's life was when I learned Morrissey's Bona Drag by heart. At least they have good taste! Thanks for your support! Real confused. I met all my goals but i'm still disappointed. Not making much sense to me. Everyone needs to eff off. I'm pretty sure there was an entire MPDG section. No, Goodnight looks better (: SUBWAY ok now that i got your attention please follow Wait Till yall here my remix to Sure Thing When you give life happiness, life give you it back. Heading to catch up with the one and only Glenn Pingul. Looking forward to it. One more hour of our Fabulous Five Dollar Pastrami Sandwich RT : Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; Good things are yours. -Proverb Keeping a record-it may be helpful for both the employer & employee to keep a record of all discussions, agreements,meetings held and that is a crap sound bite! try "No millionaire should pay less taxes than a working man' Hey, are you masturbating tonight? I couldn't tell. RT : Party at the Blue Lamp tonight. Whose coming? Scott Hannan has 73 GP of playoff experience. The rest of the #Caps D combined have 120 GP worth. #CIO Quote of the Day: "Great technologists make business people believe it was their idea." I can't believe your at Jingle Ball! Would have went if I knew u guys wld hav been there! Luv JS! Come to my Comedy Show Tonight!! 9PM at the NY Comedy Club on 24th Street (betwn 2nd & 3rd). If you don't laugh I'll babysit your kid. RT : .....and Merry Christmas to all who don't except Christ as their personal savior! No problem. We love your song "Crown Jewel" especially. Interesting, I just read the EU is suggesting Greece go bach to the Drachma. France wishes for a simlar suggestion. Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday! I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!<U+2665> Just swam in a quarry. New thing for me. Going to school Foul or Defend Celtics make it work.. is smiling Did you hear about $1B for Instagram? :D So you had swapped fries for a salad, but now you're having dessert. I like that kind of responsible! you must first have a soul to qualify for a soulmate RT : Missing Newt already. Maybe he can be Secretary of Lunar Housing & Development. I'm doing my job i dont care what people think about me I hate when you're at a friends house and all you can think about is that good ass food you got at home! <U+0001F622> Heading out to see Motley Crue/ Poison this evening VIP. I agree Ellen prom should be for everyone. I asked Ereck if a) I could tickle him and b) he would promise never to tickle me. For some reason he didn't go for it. There's no shortage of racist and homophobic comments this evening around the bar. Sure didn't miss this about I always thought that in the beginning of 'Fight for your right' it wasn't "kick it" that was yelled, but rather "CHICKEN!" Emily says she is 26. Are those leap years? Taking shots in honor of boosie. Do it big boosie boo. Every business owner should understand where online marketing investments go and how they succeed or fail. In my latest Madvertising blog … Thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets. Yep we are living together! "disciple searching"? Sounds ambitious Don't concern yourself with things that don't concern you. If it's not your business, don't make it your burden. Why are you guys talking about clarinets <--- ? Maybe(; sweet! Predictions for football Bucky MT? When people get passed their addictions they will become creative and build pyramids again. I love you people of color! wake me up when bamboozle ends SNDY looks good Yes. Wildly different. WHERE IS THAT ARTICLE IN TWIST THAT SAYS GREYSON "HAS NO STYLE"?! Show it to me!! #clearlytheyareblind GREYSON HAS STYLE!! Raining in LA is < Sunny in LA I hate WV it's 2 cold:/ Came to visit the place where I might be moving to at the end of Oct! Question of the day : So...is floss recyclable? very cool. You guys wanna come hang at soon and play the album? Open invite. Hi Sarah :-) I logged back into tweetdeck and all your tweets showed up. Thank you so much for your help! Tom Murphy: Enormous challenge facing RTP: public transport. I can hardly take public transportation from the airport to downtown Raleigh. I want Toni Basil to come out and sing now. WOO HOO! That's what I'm talking about baby girl! yep“: brainwashed” I have to admit I'm kind of excited to see how Desperate Housewives will end ... I haven't watched in years. Read 's post on assessment. Good stuff, smart lady & "watch the audience" is right on & something I think artists need to do more of. Saute it with olive oil and garlic, or make a soup with cannelini beans. Kale is AWESOME. RT : Real News Watch Rachel Maddow Bring Us Back to Wisconsin: Democrats Have "Momentum" in Recall Elections | Al..... true story... He told mom and dad that.. I didn't even go.. Sawg to the fifth My mother said: "Just wait till you grow up...you'll understand." Now that I'm grown up, I do understand...and I was warned. - Angela Oberer well that's GREET what's up lady T.I.R.E.D Plus, our meet is on Monday! Home Game((: #Excited&Sore what festival? Greetings Dr. Eddy. Thank you for following. Thanks as well for lending and sharing your medical expertise. Best wishes always oh no.... were you bitten by a Microsoft employee? thas cool ;b First day at work went great today! Can't wait for tomorrow :) that's what's up!! U gettin that early workout hell yeah!! Already got mine 2 :) Never drink caffeine at 10pm... I can't feel the left side of my face. Stressful thoughts been replaced w/ Henny & Jager man i just realized Nathan from all-star weekend is following me(: wow..... New menu starts next week (Wednseday)! Last chance to get your favorite seasonal fare - come on in! How much is the buffet? who knows? you might get a higher grade than for doing the same thing #proffavorite? I'm so ready for this sausage race. I'm gonna shotgun a beer if I lose. Bahaha. RT : WAIT ONE SECOND. Bristol Palin is bashing the gays??? Cause she is totally the moral epicenter of family values. thank u! Can't wait to see u Monday night! Very much so! Thank you. i think it's a worthwhile way to connect - just another tool, and not something u have to check all the time. Nice class (actually a little tough, but much needed.) Lol Pablo this is perfect “: it hurt me a little just reading this...” word on the street is that is coming up with excuses for her impending absence next week.... Ugh gotta go to work at 5am tomorrow!! can I get that autographed copy? President Obama makes a statement in Rose Garden of White House @ 1215pm ... expected to address budget & call for firing of I miss you too...Zolanski?! Lol. I just said to my bro "U didn't see anything" so I thought of u! so any predictions for the first game of the season vs Detroit? I suspect that claim is based on some rather optimistic assumptions. tire park! If someone was blasting Whitney and Mariah right next to your car, that was me... RT : Find out how Positive your Positive Thinking can be. Amazing Collection of Essays FREE TODAY on Kindle Prime.... $50 20Oz draft what, its as good as a ticket tree Watching The Smurfs. I'm cold as fxck in the room Just woke up from a nap(: I want a veggie lovers pizza from Pizza Hut. <3 Recorder talent show! Daniel Clowes, author of Ghost World, Art House Confidential, etc. I think it was first published in Eight Ball. Being honest is the best way to go What a lucky bounce. Like I said. Everything going Sparty's way right now. hating on jelena isn't going to make justin turn away from selena, it will make justin turn away from us..... #OomfNeedsTo Needs To Know When They Got Something Special Standing Rite In Front Of Them Poorly chosen, but still intentional. Don't be crazy, I got TONS of blue jeans... Can't wait to get it to you bro!! Actually broke it last night.... Playin wit somebody mind is cool. But playin wit they heart is like homicide. Keep it up bro!!! Now I know what I'm bringing to the beach this summer - *SPOILED* looks amazing! Isn't writing YA fun?! Congrats!! #kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Wed, May 16 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we... You may end up dancing the monopolka. Be careful, and give my regards to KGB Bar. What does "totes" mean? RT : Your #resume should capture your personality, not just your #work accomplishments. y'all dont invite me places bitch! I want to find someone that can create a high energy intro video in a week. In short, I'm doing OK, and have started with very short runway. Am at user research stage derailed by pink-eye. TMI? Shiiiiit, #prom better be all that and more HOW ARE YEW sure, it's in my bag--remind me if I forget Ribs, potato salad, corn-on-the-cob, baked beans, and iced tea. Medicine. I actually don't care to help dad with the cows. The baby ones are adorable! <U+E52B><U+E52B><U+E52B> Watch makeover show on Veterans that aired Friday. Inspiring and tissues needed... Hey - Any news on what to do with my white Lumia 900's purple screen? I have never tried one, sounds good! Not enough nails and etc to put my entertainment center together. WTF! time to get out the crib Tune in to at noon for everything 95.7FM Cute wall posts on facebook > JobSeekerTip: Interviews are like the courting stages of a relationship--don't bash the ex, it only makes you look bad. and , I see "the other station" has ripped off our followers idea, but only on Facebook. That would be a costly accident. Thanks for the heads up. looking through olympic footage all day. thanks! Hey you live in Port Saint Lucie, Florida??? My cousins live there! The modern Olympic movement was founded to encourage young people to become physically active and follow a healthy lifestyle and ... (cont) I'm so bored so u guys can ask me any questions you want and I will answer truthfully! (: send me the link #mdsbw12 so proud to be a part of the 28th Annual Maryland SBA awards! Just witnessed history- Gay Men's Chorus sang National Anthem at the Wizards game- an NBA first I am told! Thanks to the Wizards 4 ho ... Aww I love Dogs so much!!! They rock!!!! my parents are coming in2 town for my bday this weekend if u want 2 join 4 din? March 30-April1: Visit ACRL Booth 215 (ATLA) for a free gift and a chance to win some cool prizes, like Sennheiser headphones. everyone's welcome to #HackingEdu Happy Hour on Thursday, if there are any tix left is managing RSVP's Punching fire extinguishers: that's that shit I don't Ike thanks for a great session! we out to Pacha Saturday I wanted to come Tonight but they were completely sold out :( another day though!!! Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly. - Shahazad Big show this SATURDAY NIGHT 8pm! W/ !! Guest list ne1? #5bestsmells new car smell, babies always smell good, cookies baking, fresh cut grass and fresh rain Whittling down revolving debt will do a lot more for your credit score than erasing installment loans Best of luck to you David!! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Wall St gains on earnings, economy; Egypt fears ease Volunteers Desperately Needed - Sat., May 12th! 100 needed at post offices in shifts (2 p-8p). Tweet us your email and we'll contact you. When things arent the same with someone:/ This is...interesting... Anita Hill still looking to make a difference Britney Spears? WTF? Adam..... For real, boo? Jimmy Shoes messed with the wrong guy. And girl. I just really love dogs okay #ThingsPGKidsSay swag man Joe? That nigga wit the nubby fingers that looks like master splinter? Police: suicide note was written on the side of a vehicle on the #Montrose homicide-suicide scene You're not still Jenny from the block. Not in that high chignon. We're always hiring for various things so keep your eyes peeled. :-) Danielle I'm scared now. Don't hurt me! :) This heat... is for the birds!!! she's great. she and nugget are really hitting it off. When picking a cooking oil you don't want the flavor to be too strong, b/c as it heats the more the flavors come out. - we should be good, Chillar so versatile safety should be smooth conversion. saw one of those at the zoo this weekend. It was one of the only animals out in the sun. so don't leave ;___; RT Guardiola: "When will I return? I haven't even left yet and you already ask me abour returning" yeah, brother. Good luck, from one job hunter to another. I need go to see Dr. Molina here in Dallas, may have an injury! lol don't worry about it me & are hitting up the bottles 2night. Gonna have a jam session & drunk mix thru the night. Maybe snort some off the platter! JK “: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !! LED technology are well-recognized and sought after across multiple industries happy bday bro farmers markets in nj flourishing okay for those of you who want to know what i really think check me out on huffpost 50+ ...under grannies on safari. Lol @ all these espn analysts changing their minds about the Anyone have an idea or theory of why we have birds falling from the sky? Dude this looks so good gtg gonna go to bed.... love you guys... Occupy (learn from) LOVE Looking like I'm staying in! ICONicBoyz are gonna be on Shakr It Up September 9th !!!!!!!!!!!AH(*running around the house screaming *) TY for the follow! :-) I would run out of balls... Haha thanks Tarah! Good luck with your tournament! Let me know how you and Kaitlin did. #HappyMothersDay from your friends at hold it right there. I need to get some popcorn. Then you can continue. They mine as well, right? Working from home can't be a bad thing anyhow for all parties involved. I had an unbelievable time at the ! The killer instinct is good and bad. Just got done watching some vids on Utube. Thanks wonderful Thomas! I really wish bloggers would stop being so mean about Curtis Painter. His parents are probably very proud of him. He's a local guy. Be nice. Trenches execution, mercy execution still great game types! Accidentally mistook my thumb as part of the apple I was slicing. BLOOD. EVERYWHERE. Have you looked at Morrco.com? They have custom fits. Haven't personally used but I've heard good things where did you get your ghost powder? How was it? Heading to Dayton, Ohio for WGI championships for a few days with Golden High School. In the meantime for #Denver news ... In the end, all #Brewers roads lead to Kottaras. Yes thank you! I was just scared. Pray for Eddie and Britt who walked with me yesterday 7 miles. They couldn't make it today - legs were hurting! Thanks for coming and for the nice tweet! Hungry waiting on food from Rocko's Pizza Drake, my nigga ok here in CO That moment when you call to wake her up and you forget talks for her voicemail.... lol should I try them? Sitting in a Burger King that is playing Bright Eyes. Quite surreal. "You fucking joke" ~ Tippett to the zebras just now I smell a Tweetup in the near future! We'll post tomorrow night, but keep your calendars clear for Mon, Aug 1 from 5-7pm or so (Anchorage). Off to work. :P at the cubs game (: Party Rock is in the house tonight!!!! So everybody just have a good time! :-) Thank u so much 4 yr ongoing support. It means the world to us. You are SO RAD + we are very lucky to share community with you. <3 We write for the world. Facebook is lame. I don't know why, either!! Lol Dying my hair and blow drying it <U+0001F486> “: My head is about to go kaboom :/” it's okay though you'll be seeing me tomorrow(: I still havent seen avengers. u? Any basketball fans catch the Lakers vs. Thunder game? Is it just me or are the Thunder a tab bit scary? Athletes who can play basketball! RT : After all it was a great big world... Rod Wittenberg: re Rule 901. AUTHENTICATING OR IDENTIFYING EVIDENCE for courts Lawyers create pdf from web pages Im laughing but im still kinda tight. Not at the girl thats expected from a hood rat, mad I let her move me out my box. people love to hate the Spurs...idk why tho Alex Leavitt on hack vs exploit blur, e.g.: give a friend your Facebook password, they write something bad, you then say you were "hacked" Your the last thing on my mind at night and also the first thing in my mind in the morning. IS what Love is called??? Give Tyson Chandler a lot of credit dude just works his ass off so his team can win. Great to meet you. Have a good trip home! I had about 2 glorious days that I had cam working then time Warner konked out and I'm back to square one. Damn. #MyDreamFor2012 Is to meet & ! I'm taking with me!:) I wonder if guys ever get jealous that girls somehow get away with wearing huge hideous puffy coats that are insanely warm all winter <U+0001F525><U+0001F38E> unless I hit the lotto not anytime soon! Lol all I can say is scared $ dont make $! it seems like they scared down there smh Running on fumes Catching up on new followers and sadly a bunch of unfollows... haven't been doing enough to keep their attention. Must correct that! hang out! Indianapolis, Indiana- need female for swimsuit shoot. Pay is negotiable. No nudity. (Casting Code B3) why lie? 99% of our teachers sick days are for mental illness Thank you for the follow - interesting and intriguing event! yo! Big al its Thomas Gorman get at me son in LA Today is may day pretty sure they are talking about triv Even though this normally wouldn't be my weekend with the dudes, I get them all weekend bec of #mothersday! RT : Kyle from Gnashing of Teeth, Supporting the love for Transform Music group Damn I didn't realize I had to read this book in 4 days... Your like the coolest laid back guy on Sharktank. I love it man! Must be tucked away in that Narnia closet!!! lol I am mental and need HELP!! ;) Next time don't foget the sunscreen. Today, I crossed 42nd street scratching my back. Two drunk guys drove by me and screamed “backscratcher!” and drove off. MLINY been there done that. To da West we go! I just ran to AT&T and got the whole thing fixed lol thanks tho bro heck yeah Angga! Glad you like it bro! So I see you've moved on to fights with filthy degenerates on twitter. I'm quite impressed. CC: he done it now?! ;) lucky girl!I wish he would follow me ;( </3 ...Both had not won since the 2007 season, but got their new seasons off to a flying start with morale-boosting victories. almost done with my zine project i've been working on for the last few weeks. I swear if I have to sleep in the same room as somone that snores again ill prolly have to do time I dont know what to get my stupid ugly awesome husband for his bday. Maybe I will just give in & finally play Small Worlds with him. :-) Just went hard at the gym with :) I can't imagine having only 6 minutes between classes. That's outrageous <U+0001F614><U+0001F623> cool. Sorry about not being able to link w u yesterday. Tomm I should be good prob in the evening if that works 4 u? kat, u been gone too long. n we gtta chill before august I just landed a trade: natal #astrology reading for raw juice, iced coffee, and homemade soups from my favorite S Austin juice/soup stand. that's smart as hell. i like the way you think. too much on my mind...im going to sleep, gnite all To see cover go to myspace.com/lilmeta or facebook.com lil meta If some of these Duke kids come back next year, they may truly have a shot. Aww, why thank you;) Lol!!! I'm not sure why I put Niall' head on a Koala but hey YOLO. I don't mess around with animals. If the poor thing hasn't eaten for days, call animal control or take it to the SPCA. Happy Earth Month to you too! The free registration period is over, but you can register to become a lifetime member for only $35! Anticipation is building while we wait for the winner of Power Pitch. All 12 entrepreneurs truly brought it today. Great job! We are #columbine. 12 years later it still seems like yesterday. Never forget. 1000 words written tonight for our book!! we are hoping to release by Oct 15th, hope all of you are well!! I really want to know though U 4got Beef Jerky RT Cheddar Chz combos,m&m's,milky way and Gartorade lunch today. On my recruiting grind today! I think I will check that homeaway.com link out to relive my childhood Griswold style. Let's go Heat!!!!! I need that big win feeling tonight! I kind of like being the last person in the office... “ “ I'm just tryna be surrounded by some REAL shit.”” thanks for the invite you missed my tweet. :/ aha What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!! thanks I followed back we speak guaponese ": Packing bout ready to be in Allen." Come to mama ;) lol husband is diabetic, been there. Hope yr OK. "THE LACES WERE IN" -Ray Finkle ABOUT A WEEK - The movie is finished and we have submitted it to Festivals across the world. Now, PATIENCE! People.. specifically people in positions of power.. have invested a tremendous amount of effort and time to get to where they are. It's official: Chael / Anderson is NOT happening in Brazil. is tired this Paranormal State show pretty much sucks. Ghost Hunters, FTW! It has been a pretty buzy friday soo far!!... but TGIF!!!=D I feel like placing my faith in this season is like handing over my 401k to Bernie Madoff... Nah, no good! #Fridaythe13th Hm anyone feel like going into foreclosure? I thought so. Call us :) - be up and running very soon! so excited for SEASON 2, im such a GLEEK <3 “: I wanted to come out last night so bad. Haha” We just went to bed! So it'll be me, , a bunch of comic books, and mommy-free at the airport. Ya... something's bound to go wrong. Thanks for the #FF Juliet! Love you! <3 Just woke up from a dream where I was being sprayed from a water hose by a monkey wearing a 1950's style wig. Jung help me out here. Was Tim Burton and Johnny Depp's latest shot on film? I can't imagine them achieving dark shadows if not. Whats the future for the Ravens yup! Marta says hi ;) new user VamosUltras is welcome to GIS Extensions Market. We hope he finds it useful. Maddox is so smart lol Never heard that one! Straighten it up Pronk Same, but with NYC media glare, this is different than it happening in, oh, Kansas City. nope, just me running on low sleep at the consumer electronics show. But the singularity IS near, in any case Ima see what I can do, give me a call sometime tonight This track im about to work on is winning Hey twit fam... friend me up @ www.facebook.com/miamiprincess69 THANKS BABES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! where the fuck is my brother ? Controversial statement (?): I like Justin Vernon, I do...but musically, I think I'm over the falsetto phenomenon. I am feeling better, love. Thank you Today is Friday, that means Fish Fry! Watching criminal minds. W/ all the closing of streets and trains in this episode, I think about those poor people stuck on their commutes She needs a promotion ! How are our Rochester Tweeps doing this week? Good we hope :) I just got engaged to !!! We are celebrating at tonight!! So happy! slimgoodie!from the underground!to the mainstream! yeah I really should..are you a Harry potter fan? It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome Have been working my booty off since the start of 2012.... looking forward to #SpringBreak already! Hoping March ends soon! Thanks!! We have a great staff who know just what books to put out. RT : When I hear about a "new, more sophisticated underwear bomb" I think, Wow! The world has changed. I know, right? Ore-Ida they're not! Promotional Flyer @ Facebook (Mnemonic posters, metronome sentences, and oral drill pics) follow back(: duh bitch <U+0001F48D> Are you a Yelp fan? Make sure you use your yelp app and check in to claim your deal! After reading so many zodiac tweets, I'm a definite #Aquarius. And proud of it ;) They might say hi, and I might say hey, but you shouldn't worry. About what they say. Cause they got nothin' on you baby. I am proud of YOU! I can't wait to see all the fun videos and the plans for mobile! This week just flew by! Time flies when you're having fun :D Less scenes, more dialogue. You might have a touch of the playwright's spirit in you. I do love great dialogue. RT : Danny o brien just messaged me this.. "let's do this"... it shall be done then my man. The Vegas Lounge in NE Mpls is the best! not trying to be mean but spamming saying FOLLOW ME wont get his attention lol. The beautiful mahogany bar at Dobson's was brought around the Horn from England. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/the_bar Not a good idea to watch #foodtv Triple D late at night. Making my mouth water! Angrey Givin u Plenty Heat On the Tracks and Bout to be bringin u Plenty beatz Keep lookin I can't sleep. I need my yogurt raisins and sparkling water. I'm doing that too, but I've started sacrificing food calories for beer... My attempts to figure out where the phrase 'the goose is loose' comes from, has revealed the horrible phrase 'loose as a goose.' yr not the only one Everyone go follow my new friend!! Hi I might have a movie script for you. Thanks for the follow. Very cool. Break a leg! No Time to Weep opens at the Matrix Theatre on Melrose April 14, starring ! OMG YOU RATCHET. SUCK MY PEN YOU, YOU, CRACKER SUCKING HIPPO. Follow Back:) Quit a nonpaying project today...and picked one up. Who says theatre is dead? Also I applied for foodstamps. Yo mamma is so thin that she could be used as a rope at the circus to make someone ride a unicycle on her. Is there anyone on this show that hasn't been told 400 times this season that they're beautiful? This song seems disingenuous. Don't be afraid to join the waiting list for 's "Building HTML5 Applications" next week - we will be standing room only again! I hate when ppl pocket dial me consecutively Trend of the Week: Radiant in Red 'Tis the season for scarlet hues considering all the red we saw strutting down the red carpet this week Facebook has changed the landscape. We are onstage whether we want to be or not. #globeinsiders, If you guys haven't yet but go follow my original account how? Haha. Are you gonna try to come with us? live at our Camp Randall location from 3-6pm! In years past Coach Bielema, Barry Alvarez, and past players have stopped by! Worst hair on : Zusi, Convey, Kamara. Thanks,your so nice 2! Wonderful! Best of luck! What iPad case would you recommend for use with Kindergarteners? Fairly brutal 4X10 intervals this evening followed by an amazing vegi red sauce atop spinach spaghetti with Okay, calm down. What with your Cavill shirtless pics, and your "I wish I looked like that", and no wait those are my thoughts... u crack me up... will you RT my picture i made for you? it would mean SO MUCH to me if you RT it :) :) I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd This dude doesn't see how much we don't care about this Been working on a new cover by The Script :) hopefully it turns out well! you say prove it, well i definitely will. I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely. Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show.... We have two TVs for the Brewer games... and 216 biers... :) I feel so proud! I got a 100 on a science project that was worth 2 test grades.. GOODBYE MY 67% AVERAGE IN SCIENCE! The Drexel Xi chapter of Pi Tau Sigma won Outstanding Chapter Performance and Outstanding Chapter! Shakespeare was a rush and such an amazing experience. Now off to Grad Plays rehearsals!! Uncommon Women and Others. :) Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rebel - Ultra-lounge (live updates) Glad to be of service! no i dont know how to. where have you been i miss you! I should huh is creepy! 0: Tomorrow is a brand new day to get shit done. hell yeah, i'm ready to get my first one. I had a great time Trivia night with all the best friends from back home! They are amazing! :)RT : The way my family just accepts him is SO great. I think they might even love him. It's dangerous when u tell ppl to go to a school they can afford. Top univ need to be affordable, period. I is in pain... already given away about 5 min ago. :( Someone should take your wallet away before you hurt someone In the studio designing business cards for my clients, if ya need biz cards, flyers, or marketing materials get at me. Sweet night of fights and friends! Working from home. Nothing beats writing in pajamas. Plus my Vday bouquet is still gorgeous. Good job, bf. Two new specials today! Roasted Tomato and Pesto Omelette Filled with, Provolone Cheese, Spinach, Topped with Basil Pesto Sorry for the Twitter-flood, tweeps who are not at #womcc with me. I hope you're getting some value from my sharing today! USA winning at half 2-0 against Brazil in Confederations Cup Final! I suspect it's going to be a wild second half. USA needs to play tough Expect more of yourself by being less like you and more like Him. There is something to be said of those who walk out the #fruitifthespirit! This rain makes me even more desperate for summer -.- can't wait! lol u u got ur guy now I need Coples to fall in the Monstas cave QPR supporters now in profanity mode... Mari gone gt something done to dis head today Unless you've tried at least twice, (if not 3times) to push it forward to th # next step, NeVER write a girl off & think she doesn't like u Who else would I *BE* talking about?? xD hell yeah! A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket. The Denver Broncos are on the clock again for their 6th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft. "We now live in a Post-Constitutional country" M. Levin. America has fallen, has fallen...Thank U Fud Stamp Pres who isn't Pres. Where is harry at?! This weather is ideal not goin out 4 a while!! #for65milliondollars i'd listen to rebecca black for a year straight I tried to commit suicide...never doing that again...I almost killed myself #oomf doesn't believe I can sing like Usher. NOBODY ASKED YOU! that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!! :) I guess ill be on twitter more often again, well see. Maybe possibility of doing a youtube vid..well see FYI I assigned a new task "stop being a DB" :) Giggas nudging me... equipment has been moved to Settings. But we're going to bring it back more front-and-center in v3.3. You're human. I'm sure we've all had friends fail the autism friendship test. I certainly did. It's sad. follow , you'll be alright lol Another wonderful show! Thank you for the fantastic feature on our lil lefty Stephen Campbell. One proud mama... "When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate, and when life is bitter, say thank you and grow." You should come watch the Teen Wolf finale with me! (; me either "Dad, that tree wouldn't go in our front yard." "It's not going in our front yard, Russ. It's going in our living room." just got my plane tickets for !!!!!!!!! i would gladly sit on 's face. need an extra boost during your ride? come in and pick up some Hammer Gel and Gu products! stoked about my two new tiny tattoo additions =) Kemp on DL. There goes any hope of having a good performance this week and next Upon watching Exit Through the Gift Shop I am compelled to ask Banksy if *he can display his wide set of unique skills. #Renoir<U+2665>'dstencils You sir, obviously don't play Fallout. I hate when my phone wont download music “: I did detect CHEMISTRY. :-)” ..yep..a good on the desk, against the wall scenes! I see you!!! Do your thang lookin good!!! I wanna lay out and tan in the middle of the grass:) who carves a 10ft tall squirrel statue, BRoy at RoseGarden, epic powder on MtHood, will we see snow in PDX? I'm in for Jeff & Kelley. 11pm so excited for prom, oh my god could g+ release of API yesterday be a response 2 fbook? Open source Developers could be the key for g+ What should I do about my profile it seems so, boring. Any ideas or if I should keep it the same, tweet me PLZE!!!! Certainly no shortage of inspiration here!Sadly too many of our youth don't see it, they don't have folks like we do. Any recommendation for a great merchant credit card processor who has a solid API and excellent support? I'm to young to do porn. And scared :P I don't think these sleeping pills are working anymore :( Breakfast with my friends:)) ugh why not!? Aw pussy is all wet I sprayed him with the hose I bet Michael was in on that mission. Dont forget!Serving lunch beginning Monday June 20, 2011.Delicious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. One Up...not "just" a nightclub. Do you remember when WGAL used to have those little signs along roadsides? You can still find them every once in a while. Look for more in the future, though...I am going to be doing more history stuff to slowly build some twitter friends ¤ Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. Isaac Bashevis Singer The digital installation Westward Bound begins today at the African Burial Ground 2nd time you have lost my payment. If I have to keep track of 1 more 18 digit case # I am going 2 drop U faster than U drop my calls. uh oh im taller than ari and im only 13 5'3 Let the Laker hate begin... #hashtagfail ;) #shehechat but i agree! RT : I agree, nothing inspires confidence like knowing your topic pants suck. Love that Sea-Tac is waking me up with a dose of local music. Why didn't you tell me before I left ASU to start a PhD at USC in Los Angeles? Seriously though, will video of talk be posted online? New Exclusive Instrumental Starting At $110. There Are 3 Original To Choose from, Send Your Music To Cinco de Mayo celebration - $1 off tequila shots, $4 Margaritas & Tequila Sunrises, & a yummy fiesta menu! today marks a sad day because it is the Final episode of Season 4. After today, I can't wait for season 5!! You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll like yourself so much better! do you know cz at all? I'm sure I'll see you in person but if not, here is a virtual Hola!!! It took almost 20 minutes for me to realize that I'm sitting in the wrong session at this conference. I'm so glued to Needle in a Haystack by Ernesto Mallo (Bitter Lemon Press) missed Casey Anthony verdict. Book deal in the works no doubt. finally broke down and got NYT digital subscription (on special). Ah. thirst quenching content! uh-uh...I love YOU more!!! LOL Working on Seal Swim School new website. live for the moment Here we are ready to offer you the perfect vehicle for the best deal and price. So join us for #Portland best weekend sales Jules Doyle's Book is als available in Chicago 2012 Porsche Boxster S video review: We take the latest Porsche Boxster for a drive We are featuring Sports Attractions and CVB News in our March issue of The Group Travel Leader! Get info from Stacey or Kelly! Happy cinco de mayo! RIP Dan Scott Cougars & Co. supports St. Joseph’s Foundation. Give them a follow: just think you did well! You'll be good! your hands high then adjust as you stop. (squeaky feet) Thanks for the retweet! Can't stop playing this "Precious Knowledge," the documentary about the axing of MAS in Tucson, airs on PBS May 17. Check your local listings. no, more like a whole body explosion! It's THAT exciting! why does wikipedia in german have species names in german & not latin? srsly really? Hallelujah, open accessible green space Didn't Bill Fletcher run for president in the 90s under some small progressive party? your scoring title comparison listed jordan and shaq being from the 97-78 season. impossible! oh I'm jealous!! I wanna head to the beach too!! no worries I might be late too how much are they? c: Sometimes family needs put business goals on hold ... My fauxhawk isn't fauxhawkey enough for me today. Should have used some gel or attended #convergese. Probably the latter. thanks for the birthday tweet! is using Rush to pathologize reverie. I'm now trying to think about relationship between wonder (via Sizemore) & reverie. Photography Workshop with ! It's about time I learn to catch great photos of my baby!... When old Filipino couples argue..then one of them starts cursing in English o.o that means they're furious! Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on in tomorrow and snag up some 4g eighths all day!!! good ! On my second week at a new job.. Big company and big opportunities so I'm pumped ! We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. Keep Smiling. shake shake baby yeah i hear ya but dont see ya. Someone come rub this BUNYUN for me , So I REALLY KNOW IT'S REAL ! Its almost time! Hope youre coming on Sunday! What shall I play tonight on snes? Mario world, mario world 2 yoshi's island, or contra 3 alien wars? I'm mad I just got to school lmao 2/3 tht he is writing her life story and all of us r here to help him write it and that we love her and for her to never give They call me Moses. I've got a massive craving for Chips Doritos to be Exact yumm!!! Winning trivia team tonight! Go, Advocates! i have three. so yes. ill pray about sharing the third with I'm playing tonite w/ some of my favorite musicians : , , Mamiko Watanabe, Lucas Pino and Chris Stover! That can be arranged. :) I'll be lotto-ing next weekend, and will be there all next week. Follow me on #instagram , I'll follow back >>> say three Hail Marys and you are good to go. I saw the dude moments later and he was clearly compensating. Hey. Tune in at the 4pm hour for a chance to win tix to Neon Indian this friday at the Metro Chicago. Yours truly, 88.7 WLUW. AGREED! thank you! Thanks for the follow New York Update! Thank you! Always appreciate your RTs. FRIEND: don't be judgemental. ME: fuck that i'll say what I want. “: I LOVE those shorts! <U+0001F49C>” #thanks #metoo! I'm obsessed. I have a pair if not 2 pairs in every color ever. Follow me and i'll follow you back :) Anxiety dream last night. I was taking a seminar taught by George H.W. Bush and owed him a paper. Up early to work on homework. Just discovered Sliderocket. Cool. Quiet in the house today with Liam gone. A million words spoken are far out-weighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action... She hated everyone... lol Workaholics on Netflix. Not bad. Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but rather a manner of traveling. Same is going on in LoDo!! ugh no one cares how u wanna do ur hair for prom u chunti hoodrats ugh ugh New stuff coming real soon, I promise! Just be patient guys, it'll be worth the wait! Trained with best teachers including - Drs. Pierre Fournier, Jeffry Klein, Marco Gasparotti, Alberto Goldman, H.Y. Lee and Hartmut Meyer. Thanks for letting me know about that! Dude - you're the best reality show host in the business. You're my vote for the new host of "X Factor!" I'm sure I was already freaking him out with my giant glee face, a camera would ave made him run away lol! now you know who your true friends are and who are not :) ye they were in ny n were on a new icrly called i go one direction and on saturday night live, snl takes place in ny so ya john wouldn't blame me at all King Kenny out at LFC. Should be an interesting hire process to follow in the coming weeks. #LetsMove Flash Workouts have been a worldwide success thanks you all! Big surprise COMING SOON -- get ready! RETWEET! might be food allergies. I used to get sick all the time then found out I was allergic to a few foods. Removing them fixed it. #childhoodsandwiches mayonnaise sandwiches I just want a night game at home. Tailgating the early games is pointless. The middle ones is better That is certainly a component but it involved a MLA member. :) RT : its the emerald city of course! OMG, I have I told you latest #PopRox gossip?! You really should just come to my other #BookClub :) Good Monday Morning... Who will you be a blessing to Today? Who will you be an impact on this week. Make it an amazing Week! I hear June is a terrific time for more fun. I hope BMC is beard-friendly as I've grown one since we last shot. We think good progress was made! Thanks for inviting us Finally mustered the courage to tell a customer that I just don't know enough to answer her (legal) question. That felt good. RT - New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL #EdUSAForum session on social media and international Ed, should be interesting. Hey I'm On tell her to say an our father and put salt around her bed Lmfaooo @ TJ for twitching when he fell asleep in class!! I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XXOOX lol you would know huh? <U+0001F609> like I said..I shouldn't have a B in the class. when CFBHOF moves to ATL, i'll hang a tommy frazier jersey somewhere inside the new building Performing tonight at Studio 305 ( 10725 sw 216th St Bay 305 in goulds (blue warehouse) doors open at 9pm and the fee is $5) See you there Settling down for a relaxing evening of TV. Go V. Of course...who else is there worth voting for? Anybody who doesn't isn't an idiot, unless they belong to the 1%. Hello New York. I like that skirt dress. an 8-0 run for stretching back to the 2nd quarter Agree completely. Ran into him around town a couple of times, always pleasant. Make 'em buy it. I'm wasting my fucking life. Hey Cam Imma cry on Sunday i dont want it to end im gonna miss hearing u guys:( follow me please??:) I know milk does a body good,but baby how much are you drinking?(; hey your a fagget War is the biggest ego trip of all time. i think i have over 30 days to go without coffee and it is very hard this morning. This is pretty much the #1 reason I wouldn't vote for him. looks the battle drums are rumbling for the Sounds of Detroit to be heard..... ~I love everything about the South... especially the people! Looking to enjoy a healthy lunch? Stop in and receive 20% off any creative lunch salad. Mean Green Thursday! Dance is the "spice of life!" Like other forms of #art, #dance has the ability to lift the soul and stir the imagination. Use your remaining insurance benefits before they expire at the end of the calendar year! Call to set up an appointment today: 608-836-5700 For the millionth time -- don't send your SSN or password through email. No legit IT person asks for this stuff. Please. Don't. Send. It. Thanks for following Tiny. Stay tuned and I will be sure to keep you posted. All the best to you and yours. ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE"A thought provoking exploration of freedom. It will inspire anyone who has ever dreamed of a better life."-Quincy Jones Fernando Rodney can wear his hat however he wants. Uggghhhhh really woke me up for this I'm @ the doctors feeling pretty SAD. I wish everything will hurry up & get better for me and my baby. And all the bad go away Yep! 3 shows at the beacon :) RT : Hi...you gonna be catchin any #Furthur shows in NYC next mo? Overwhelmed by the desire for summertime sunshine. Some men say women are the root of their problems. Those same dudes think their solution is to go out and get more women. Lol I am deliberate and afraid of nothing. -Audre Lorde It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader. Waking up at 5:30 after having a long day yesterday as well is a killer. RT : Nobody has ever gotten eyestrain from looking on the bright side of things. that sounds awesome! La la FUCKA thanks for the good luck tweet! Be courageous, let your heart be strong. Psalm 27:14 fuck this bitch 2 more bottles of dogfish head 120 asks us how we reconcile our visualizations with user/audience generated discussion and development ... I encourage you to go public. Truth. RT : Eventually we'll all just have one app on our phones that electrocutes you when you stop looking at it. would y'all simmer down? Trying to pass my finals over here... Does anyone have an atv or jeep? I wanna go off-roading/mudding so bad! Which brand do you predict will have the most creative #BlackFriday ad or promotion? Sarah is there !!! Still using that flip phone? Trade ur phone n, upgrade 2a smart phone 2 get $100 gift card from verizon...u can only get this frm me! gonna cry. :( Thanks for the follow! We had a great time at #ACRL! Help us celebrate another successful conference by taking 10% off your next order-just use coupon code ACRL11. Follow your passion. Do what you love. Morning! Twitter twitted out :( Yes I agree with that statement! #truth RT : #Bears fans need to temper expectations. Bad OL, very tough division. 10 wins may not equal playoffs Miss Burmeister&#39;s Blog » Blog Archive » Project Pony Tails but imma miss u today that mean I cant bother u I know, right? I'm waiting to see who comes to get in the car. Surely it was innocent. Am I an accomplice, now? Last day of high school, telling teachers goodbye Dx trying not to cry.. me too! Get a copy of #SixtySexandTango the "Confessions of a Beatnik Boomer" memoir by at www.spokenwordinc.com or from Audible today! New listing in Oregon WI going active tomorrow! Check out facebook.com/MadisonRealEstateShow tomorrow for all the details... Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that. There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV The Traveling Guardian Angel Program can help your sports travel program at no COST to school/academies.Contact us Now for more information You're welcome Laura! :) Hope you have a wonderful weekend, any good plans? haha yeah well acually they are probably coming in september... :) Thanks for all your encouragement and support through this. I can't describe how much I appreciate it. oh wow hahaha, I forgot about that...the whole plan for that night went horribly wrong Despite how the Tebow saga ends...Les Shapiro should never have a job again in Denver. He's as biased as you can be. i love you Justin <3 Sounds good! Srsly, though, website looks great! She was born on January 24th of this year. :) That guy's an asshole, and that girl's a bitch. I hate them Me freaking too!! I woke up to go do something in the basement for my grandma and woke up to that in my email from my friend. thank you<U+E405> Im fake becouse we ain't chilled yet ? okay . you're quickly becoming a cat lady. I would absolutely...drop me a line if interested! WE GOT THIS CAPS! KEEP IT UP! glad you're keeping busy with that work stuff; keeps you outta trouble... ;-) Three Amish men were prosecuted for cutting off another Amish man's beard. It's considered to be humiliating. ya but they are $10 more Did you get us a video?! hi i love you ok It's almost time for turkey. What are you thankful for? We're thankful for our subscribers and all supporters of dramatic literature offbway DM us your email and we'll send that invite right over. Thanks for the #FF! How are you all doing today? Food Stamp Fraud has the feds fooled. Undercover investigation at 5:45. I'm gonna be in orlando :// no, just messin with the dr's stuff while I was waiting in her office. :) February 13th, Galentine’s Day, is about celebrating lady friends. It’s wonderful, and it should be a national holiday. Thanks Cindy! you and Bianca should surprise him you know he'd love it so would all of us who love you xo I think you should say "discovered naked Juice" because without the juice part the tweet seems very awkward...haha that was me and candace Officially sucked into The Bachelorette. Getting tournament tested, and making the grade!!! Happy President's Day! Hope everyone is enjoying the extra day off. Gonna have to silence my grape soda cravings with irn-bru your welcome Catch Bigg Weezy on UStream now on "Comedy by the Slice" took my ball!! May every answer give you at least one question. They r playing great retro 60's music at Wahlgren's like The Doors. Then some weird noise went off & it sent me into an MRI flashback. "f4f" •••<U+25BA> Following 289 - Followers 1132 Don't tell me you're hello, I'm great wbu? And I'll follow them right now. thanks we're excited (: papabear be coming to you soon mamabear. thanks for following us there he goes You may be wondering if this is a person or a computer responding. It's a good question. Do you mean bringing the #ELTchat to those who aren't on twitter? Loving your blog on state of public schools! oh yeah Well, did you get the early start to this magnificent Monday? I wonder what happened to my math teacher. I HOPE SHE NOT SICK. Up late, shopping for furniture. Ah! Have to catch up on the latest episode of #Glee but after I finish Amen missy :) Miss you and so excited to hear ur new album loves xx Thanks 4 the RTs and mentions this week: It's crazy. Philly outchea ballin! & Even Turner had two sick ass moves Rehearsal is always fun!!! Probably my favorite part of #OKCquake was that at first both and I thought it was fucking with us. Wow, a hit from Ham in a day game. A base hit, I mean, not a crack hit. iunno i feel like i annoy you :/ it does not mean it is a sign toward equality of men and women. The print edition of DDC23 arrived! Looks like I'll be spending the rest of the day transcribing marginalia from DDC22. Awesome! I do hope it sticks around. Thank you! Sometimes it surprises me. I'll feel something on my arms and think it's a spider or bug. Nope, part of me! can have my babies be is so fine <U+0001F60D> ahaha, Joyanna told me you're doing advanced? We are too :D ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch I Feel Like Going To Canada ( ; go #Milkman ! rollin ilke a big shot! rt “: Just saw the delivery KIA Soul decked out in flags. Double awesome!” 999 taxes median incomers 2 grand more, while cutting taxes on rich.Like the poll tax did to the Tory Party it'd put Rs in exile for 20 yrs. I am thrilled 2 be part of soc media seminar right now. DO u know that at her behest, we r shamelessly promoting her 2 all of u? oh ok hello my friend. HOw are you?:) I'm so excited for Sunday I can hardly stand it!!! for what? Lol, you tell me that EVERY day over twitter! 5 more days of high school? I think so let's do this! Burb-N-Hitez in the lab tonight Did you get into Google+ yet? I'll send you an invite if you give me your email address. Anyways im going to house :) some company would be nice tho and things are only ever done if you can cross them off your list so... Golf league rained out! Cant wait, I'll be at spring training same time too, see you there :) Or earlier if we're lucky! Happy #newyear! RT Looking forward to seeing you this spring. Cheers! HIT EM LIKE A BROTHA AND RUN LIKE A MUTHA Aw shucks thanks Lynessa! I appreciate you stopping by ;) RT "Now following Love your website!" HERE COMES THE PAIN! Thanks, I appreciate it! Find out more details about my campaign @ www.votehenrybrim.com you used to be one of those hoodlums... lol ": #WeStoppedTalkingBecause hearing your voice started to become more painful than the cruciatus curse." Reading 'Romeo & Juliet' again :x Standing outside the office bldg where I used to work, had to give God some PRAISE for being set free from 2 dayjobs a year ago! Wife, do you need a wake up call mañana? They just showed the clip.... that some bull... LOL! Kobe good but he ain't great! I love comparing week one of P90X to week 9!! How many advertising agencies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Oh well that all depends… what’s your budget? There will be a moment of silence to commemorate the 9/11 anniversary at the next Super Shopper event on Sunday 9/11. We will never forget. is this the place u got with ur ex. well, surely out of the four of us, one of us will hit a good shot each time! It will be a blast, looking forward to it. Made gluten/egg/soy free waffles 4 dinner. Almost didn't turn out. Apparently cultured coconut milk really makes a difference. Let's make the internet a little happier by changing the trending topic "If I Had A Gun" to "If I had a pizza." Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence. you'd best be practicing for the shoot tomorrow! good night Hey I like that, "circled" as a verb. Lakers fans, and to a much lesser extent Heat fans, watched their teams eliminated crying "The Mavs can't keep this up." already! U alwaays gonna be a lak boy Forget about the 15 trillion debt, let's talk about whether to deport immigrant grandmothers or allow self deportation! and most likely sold it back to the americans or american system to make a profit and to have the status Oh that's awesome. I also read Caro's book. I think I'll get 200 as well. What is it? Reading people well is 70% of the game? working hard my brother.. Hit me up man.. We gotta chat LOL dang haha RT : “: Who is Boosie?” a bad rapper that ghetto black people with low morals and standards like College football is rolling along, how is your team doing? More importantly how are you doing in the #BARTAB BOWL!?! $1 drinks Austin Rivers looks good with the ball in hand. He gets to the rack at will but his play doesnt seem to affect his team in a positive way. Lolol. trying to find Lynn on Omegle (x this is hard! Irvin got arrested after his pro day...his pro day...stupid pick they should have gone for the suckfest trifecta of Shows, Greene, and TV Teddy Oh im sorry ! I hope your fever cools down ! (: When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies? this is all my mom talks about: how excited are you gonna be when u meet them, u have to look hot n cute, Y wouldn't they I think Word List Expert is the best. I'm jealous! TRIPS IS GETTING MUGGED! idk bout lex but B drunk the WHOLE damn bottle of ciroc I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die It's cool bro... I'm really sorry... I overreacted... I miss her.. that's all. Sitting in my running car in the driveway to attend conference call. Yay heated seats! Internet cut as Egypt braces for 'march of millions' ha! Yeah I was trying to make the most of being in #LasVegas for work. PS - 3G access on the west coast stinks! Thanks for the info. I did confirm w/our Legal Dept & they did receive the email. Sent you a DM w/more details. ^CH RT Our first 100 followers will receive a special coupon good for any of our services! Please follow & RT! Whats for Dinner Tonight? I hope it's healthy! We have a goal! #wilsonphillips has a reality show????? oh HELL to the YES!! please let it be called "hold on for one more day". SB may be a loyal servant,but the church's inability to show compassion, humility, christianity respect for women is destroying it #ThisSummerImTryna go to L.A. And party party party !!! So do the main stage bands for get announced at midnight local time or PST? We bet ya didn’t know - Ireland's national symbol is actually the Celtic Harp. (Not the shamrock.) Spread the word. outside everywhere !! i haven't been wit ky a lot..maybe thats why i haven't seen u :-/ we needa chill sometime thooo #Columbus innovator list wouldn't be complete without , Brooke Paul and the guys who started Founders Factory... Order is Restored on &#39;Dancing with the (Injured) Stars&#39; I'd like to say thanks to the survey respondent who pointed out all the ways my survey didn't ask the "right" question. You're awesome. Fly like a bird sting like a scorpio Starting an official countdown until my 21st birthday: #9 long days. Hey, it's effective ;) Nice to have it on there though... I forgot to draw!!! are you ok ? I cant sleep tonight, I'm way too anxious for the upcoming weekend!! <U+0001F601> My daughter is the one w/CM. As of right now, no syringo. How are you doing? I didnt think having a half black half white president would stir up the murky ugly race issues in America...Boy was I wrong... <U+E403> Fighting with idiots is like wrestling a pig in the mud. You soon realize the pig likes it. awesome! Thank you. Lets go WARHAWKS and WAVE!!! “: The blind side gets me every time!” I watched too! So good Connie's with grandma and my moms happy mothers day!!!! Mothers you don't need one day to know your the greatest you need a lifetime # dont pay attention to the last tweet but if you need help so you wont be sad tweet me kk I thought that the #OrlandoMagic were going to collapse without Dwight Howard, it certainly does not look like that. Good way to start off my day GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY. I need to find a travel agent for an upcoming story a contact is doing... Please RT I always miss the good stuff... You guys coming down for the 4PM Magazine release tomorrow night at Tutto/Notte? Finally out of work!! TGI(going to be )F No more covering up those stains with strategically placed rugs or potted plants. Let us get them out for good! "Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor" "For what,your third nipple?" " has 4 nipples..." "What is he,a cat or dog?" stop by man, it is unreal. Even better than the one in Sliberty. How about a mention for the Johnson County MS state Governors Cup Champs? 9th overall title - more than any other school! bless you! I could do with a joke! let's just call you Fruity ;) Congratulations!! We just read your big news! we will glad you draw both your portraits too! best of luck to you both! No, thanks. don't miss death grips if you're going to refused tonight. hmm PGA Champ. I see where you're going. I was going based off desire to win $10mil or in Haas' case, Presidents Cup selection “: haha, faggot we'll happily fuck you up just as bad as Ali did to Michael on Friday” ain't this guy hard? Lol I'm spending some time with the danes today. I love them and their lives are too short! i do not like when nigga have all that hair down there, like get the fuck on thank you! My parents were trying to figure out what was going on! is one of thee best singers ever. The end. Caught a flu yesterday - still recovering... I had $1.50 tacos off the Freddy's Taco Truck on 51/Oklahoma last night. Music fans, you’re in for a treat this weekend! rocking it on Friday, and on Sat! p.s. I don't think I'm turning in anything tomorrow.... describes simple museum interaction via vending machine T minus one hour until #happyhour! : Congrats on the boy/girl news! Like you said: just made the best time of the year even better! Indiana announces proposed Duke Energy settlement What do you guys think about SOPA / PIPA? If I Die Tomorrow just know i love you. Checking out this event at tonight Thanks. RT : This is your Go Purple Friday reminder... Get your purple ready! 2 police cars at Dewitt & Hume and a third siren on the way - something's not right. So last night was fun. Thanks to our Marine folks for keep coming. It's always nice to see you guys ;D 10 men Americans admired most in 1970: Nixon, Billy Graham, Ted Kennedy, LBJ, Humphrey, Agnew, Nader, the Pope, Bob Hope, George Wallace Only teams with a STARTING QB need. Here if you need me. So sick, wish I could go to sleep, but I can't breathe. Hm.....interesting :) I just had a cinnamon raisin bagel without the dang raisins well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:) The words of the day in the office are: PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE! TGI-FRYday!!! Free small Waffle Fry with the purchase of any Entree and regular drink purchase! not sure yet. Suppose to have some good teams in the tourny. Another reason to keep your crack pie addition going as the newest (and 5th) is now open in Carroll Gardens. 360 Smith Street. Don't Forget, The Holiday Art Walk in Beautiful Little Italy is this Weekend! RT : Ability to be generous comes from willingness to be vulnerable. - Steve Sjogren Reading is Fundamental; Writting is optional! The building of human happiness friendship builds the wall, and forms a dome of love. i didnt eat that junk… saw the pic and thought you all would like since you consume such vermin Do you think Brittany Griner ever gets dressed up and goes out to dinner? I bet she would look weird thanks for the follow. Beautiful tableware. This rave on Friday tho>>>>> no...just the opportunity to sign him I just spent about 8-seconds frantically looking for a ring that was STILL ON MY FINGER. It's been that kind of day. Calgon take me away... #SOAR...Sisters - Overcoming - Anointed Restored. Min Bev Cole I know. D: Like, why would you? jwdnmejf I cant log in to interact -_- #aintnothingsexyabout having your partner's name tattoed on you. be more creative Ever notice your friends with real problems never complain about them on Twitter or Facebook? Installed a new car stereo in my wife's car for her #birthday. I feel like Tim the Tool Man I'm with you! Everyday tens, hundreds, and in some cities thousands of people search "salons in x" "nail salon in x" is your salon showing up? we're glad you dig it! I am torn between being horrified and being impressed. MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending worldwide . & i remember when you only had 600 followers. Look at you & your #mahomies now <3 If that's a night game we should be able to make that happen. Hey You Guuyyysss? #teamidiots 6/23 Tubby and the Gophers make the NIT. Is that the slow dance? Nobody gets how much i love hes the best i rly love when he connects with us nd makes all of us feel better :) ESPN broke the story too early, should have let the process play out. It's too convoluted right now. I hope it's all crap. Get dinner on the table quick! Our rotisserie bids are just $6.99 each, antibiotic free, no hormones. Yes!!!! RT : Does this mean we get to don cool ninja outfits? peace love and party with sluts Home to celebrate my brothers birthday!! <U+0001F389><U+0001F37B><U+0001F381><U+0001F378> Don't forget to turn your clocks forward Sunday morning/Saturday Night or you will all be late your open houses and showings! good morning! Who was the snitch? That sounds AWESOME! Follow me back & I will DM you my contact info so we can discuss more about your logo. Thanks for following my blog! You have a nice little set up there yourself! Of course. Bring it.RT : Can I be on your side please? You sound much scarier than werewolves or hunters! I've become addicted to the snooze button. Any remedy to break this bad habit? :/ :) follow me please?? (: #twittertips always spit on uR neighbors car I do pop and alternative and some rock WOW! What was her major? I think my son did OK with his frosh year books, crossing fingers the next few years are sane too. Hostess has filed for Chapter 11. What will we eat after the nuclear apocalypse if there aren't any Twinkies? Thats still in GA Officially missin' my baby. :\ def needa write a cover letter ------------blah. i dont wanna be a grown up..... not THIS soon anyways. following me dats whats up young money cash money imma kill you Real eyes, Realize real lies. S/o to u big bruh. the future is bright on both ends,just anxious to collab wit u and make HISTORY Busy in the kitchen again... day two of pies! Shouts 2all the moms grocery shopn They Played Frank Ocean- Thinking Bout You on the radio>>>>>> woo What's wrong with it? Lol. RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet >> haha Any ideas..searching for a delicious restaurant in Milwaukee The ignorance, arrogance, and denial of clearly marks him as totally unfit to serve the people. I throw my shoes at you, sir. Off to see Cabin in the Woods with I have high expectations after all the hype. I highly doubt I will be disappointed. Context for my tweet is that I no longer work in publishing so I am allowed such misuse of the word. RANDI IT'S HAPPENING LIKE WHAT HAPPENED IN THE BOOKS America, spread your golden wings. It's gunna turn out to be a real nice day today I made a twitter... just to follow xD "I had everything I ever wanted, but nothing I really needed." I love your energy! Very inspirational! At first I was hesitant about it but after five listens I realized it isn't all too different than other songs he's made. Cats or Dogs? gotta believe the clubhouse will be very subdued during your interviews w injuries and all If you want to promote LIFE contact Brendan @ #Onething11 via Lovesick Don't allow people to push you to the point of rage. That's the window of opportunity for the Devil to possess you. My favorite dance class tonight... Choice!!! -________- really Miami hey i just met you & this is crazy but here's my twitter so tweet me maybe? Only a few hours left to get in on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on oh no! Well new mls team with the best fans anyways. Watch a few matches and see if you like. RT ICANN Extends New Domain Deadline Because of Bug: judgecorp writes "ICANN has extended the deadline for applicat...... Our new toffee flavor, Chocolate Peanut Butter, will be out just in time for #Valentines Day! ugh, I know! I hate it! haha. I'm trying to delete stuff to make it 1 pg, but I feel like it's important to keep some of it. seriously, it was a routine to come home from school & check your blog. then you stopped posting and i died. glad your back! How come when you clear your Notification Center on iOS it doesn't subsequently remove the badge icon from the app you cleared? thanks karine! you rock! we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us! Do we really only have 2 weeks left? It's hard to fall asleep with stuff on the mind............well for me at least. Excited about opening for one of my favorite artists w/ it's gonna be Celebrating our new name—the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law—during the Dean's Convocation I spent 1 hour lifting weights. 542 calories burned. Good evening! Welcome to the #SmallBizPgh #TweetChat. We are thrilled to introduce featured guest ! Give her a warm welcome! THEM TACOS MAN GO ALL OUT I EAT THOSE 3TIMES A WEEK BRUH IF WE WIN ABDC STRAIT UP YU GON SEE ME PROMOTE THOSE TACOS !!! Hi Jenn! It was great meeting you this week. You have a good time at the show? My Friday night? Drinkin' rose and watching (the one about bugs & animals) on Netflix w/ my Boo. VERY COOL. Love Youth Frontiers! Rick Siskey – Catching up on past episodes of Shark Tank and The Apprentice. Wouldn't that be supremely fantastic! RT : Harry Potter time-turner device? Cloning? THANKS. You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition. ; ) it was awful! Used the inhaler for my asthma as I walked off! Thank you!! G'Morning && a #happy Friday too you on this #GoodFriday :) #TGIF baby! Worst Passwords of 2011 "password". Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA. Go ! Discovering unanticipated upside: Extreme productivity. Is this what Conde Nast was like in the '80s???? Maureen I miss you too. I attended a Kitchean party on Youth day for my cousin who will be getting married let's go CAPS!!! ****Murda***** it's ok tho bud, you learn. #EeeeeeeeeastNewYoooooork RT : My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder. #someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 45 The pink is hot on u,,,, think u should come up with a "Fushia" color...U will blow that shit out the water!!!.. haha I am looking more for Kardashian/SJParker scoop haha THANKS you're the best :) don't do it. A time-traveling robot monkey seeks to avenge his daughter's death by uncovering a mysterious conspiracy. Plus ghosts and aliens. come get it where is yours? Mom: I'm too tired to bake. Me:What are you going to bake? Mom:A penis cake. Me:For a bridal shower? Mom:Yes. Me:Oh thank god. <U+0001F61D> Honor thy error as a hidden intention. 1 reason, Battle of Gettysburg was over shoes.Lee needed shoes.Many troops walked from AL,NC barefooted .Were almost as poor as slaves.WHY? Looking forward to Friday more & more In advance of #Badgers game, Vanderbilt's John Jenkins has hit more 3-pointers (132) than any other player in country. Next highest is 116. TY 2 all my new fans over the past weeks, I'm honored by your interest! As always, I'd love your feedback on our money saving application! R.I.P Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page Some1 go to tropical smoothie with me Austin! You should follow me back. Please? Pretty please?! :b You're welcome! :) RT : Awesome! saves the day with an emergency silver Sharpie delivery. Thanks! I would love to meet up with you! Where is the Women faith conference? I would like to attend that too, if possible. lol yes that is right hahahahahahahahahahahah I'm babysitting and I told them about you and they started asking me of I was gonna marry you!!! Lmao! shit. My fake baseball team is in jeopardy . glycolic acid=speed up cell turnover Leaving the garden state today. Fa la la. Read funny dispatches from the front lines of author field research. Giveaways! why u lie for zaa it's not nice she pushed me Quentin.lol For those of you attending the #ASIL meeting, 3 of our publishers will be in the book hall: Hart Publishing, Intersentia & Eleven Intl. Grilling out! Fruity drink in hand! Babe of the grill right here;) Good tip RT Uh-oh ... RT : Only 1 out of every 5 social media items should be about yourself. Ok, thanks Presley. I wasn't sure the correct "protocol" Thank you!! #Frustrated lol S/O to all my new followers #Ben&Jerry's has a red velvet cake #icecream - yum! im kidding. LMAO be good to the kids. we'll starve until your lecture. LMAO Happy May Day! We hope you bring your cheer to the Interaction Forum and come play Jeopardy to win chocolate at our booth! Thank You<U+2665>!! RT : Hubby is screaming at the computer. I take it Sheffield Utd are losing. Ally is awesome, everyone. RT Honored to join the English Dept @ Sierra Nevada College, Lake Tahoe as Distinguished Writer-in-Residence for 2012-13. The UM Holocaust Film Series is going to the highlight of my year!!! I'm gonna post a link to a video my in person friend made soon. She's close and I love her voice <3 Please follow me!!!!!!! pleaaassssseeeee Twitter dnt exites me no more<U+0001F612> Yay best friend Amy and heather!!!! And that's not what I even meant. I wasn't beinq mean to the people who don't have moms. And that tweet didn't do anythinq to do ADKSJ RFC. SAME. JAKE WAS CREEPING ON US Thank you too! I hope everyone has a good night. Let's keep our eyes on Walker, not each other. If it wasn't for every one of us, we wouldn't be here. Head over to this weekend, say hi to Mike and enjoy a Fire Light. you nor go kill urself... see as dem dey match u...this is crazy hahahahaha...whats good, what u got up 4 the day? Thanks for the follow - we love your place! Stopping by #KPL then off to ikea with would love o go to that Todd! There's a Men In Black 3 coming out!! sometimes it's a good sign when you are on the wrong side of unfairness I wasnt looking for this but now your in my way i never look for a handout Bed you never felt so awesome as you do now great idea.. Misread a "Badass Chick" bumper sticker as "Badass Chimp". I should have known a badass chimp would never drive a KIA Forte. juice fast! Anybody reading Stieg Larsson's books? What fun they are to read. careless. You need to to take better care of that Me & Nino finna snap on this beat. #FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando Starring out the window thinking damn I hate rain..... ehh, I bet that's how they "great" all fans to the beautiful Toyota Park lol go look for one loser now Just got my first coupons from how sweet is that! Can't wait till the next event so I can meet everyone. and get a iPhone bihhh lol Check out the photo from Shred Day! And thank you for a wonderful event - great #consumer response! Does anybody know of a Dell laptop repair shop in the Dallas/Fort Worth area? laundrylaundrylaundry! i swear my dad has twice as many clothes as i do. I shudder to think what it will do to search. great avi dude oh no are you not feeling well ? what the hell are you on twitter for and what the hell is up with your name! I'm kickin your ass and tellin your mom study hall with jacey.. My lady gonna have all The people yelling for her shirts. So Cray! Hi Katrina! Nice to see you here! I love Betty White!! She's still amazing!! Haha Just played Just Dance with my bro; I kept winning! :D U wernt perfect but u made life worth it stick around and real feelings might surface I love that analysts aren't choosing the Bulls to win the east. Bench mob, defensive pressure, rebounding, and reigning MVP I MISS YOU!!! I think is creeping(: Consuming a 3rd fudgesicle after eating a bowl of ice cream... I might have a problem. Thanks dude. BTW, I don't have info for Gina, but when she visited she said to let her know when it was out. Can you tell her? Maybe, though that might even be the point? This game is brutal if you backing the one time I broke one wrist and sprained the other in a dirkbike crash #ouch No drumming then. You Neva Sleepy THANKS YOU SO MUCH FOR RETWEETING I can't say that I have. What does it do? It's friday, its friday, yeah I know (; Thanks for the follow! This IS my personal account, where I sometimes say things I wouldn't say on :) I hope by going "Ari" on him he means he will eat so much sushi he gets mercury poison and almost dies Hey! Morning Show returns TONIGHT @ 11 w/ Taylor Negron, Stone & Stone, Function for Fiction + guest co-host Phil Wells! Don't not be there! lol girl u crazy...u paranoid...u got ppl watching u or something? Lol nah dats cool u better get one!!!:-) Cosentino: Quantify how things relate to one another. Use percentages. Ha me and are possibly Kenyans now?? Yea.. Kids are out of school for summer break. I forgot how much fun it is to work from home durring the summer. TWO art photography shows featuring Flockflockflock alternative material couture in February! More info soon! Yay! "We will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word."~Acts 6:4 -- Algol-60 should have an arrow to Scheme. soph year I did ... ya'll have MUCH cuter twitter handles than me Tonight@ España (hauseman rd off of I10) cheap drink specials all night long plus a costume contest. See y'all. Tonight! working the weekends at trust so my weekend is now weird Wednesdays and thirsty Thursdays. Just tell me that you love me Just cut up at princeston university Omg it went down!! when's the restart>? Extra Credit & AP Exam studyin' can't wait Attending International Country Music Conference (ICMC) at Belmont University Adding a bunch of tunes to my playlist! So far i got some more of The Doors, The Beatles, Parkway and some beastie boys! Any suggestions? Why the fuck my TT's be filled with bullshit ass spam tweets,& it be the same bitches on every TT Exactly, but that's generally the academy for you. Who's your favorite on the sampler?!! I have to miss graduation tho, my boo just getting so old. :( yo tweets speak the mind Greyhound racing using the team from ! Thank you for following! Why has twitter not figured out a way to block spammers yet? If they can find a way to do it you can find a way to stop it Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. Mahatma Gandhi The only consistent thing in life is Change. Why is this hard to understand? Seeing so many 'American Craft Beer Week (2012)' badges earned ! /// Lol.....Wade always blows the game. Thanks for following me back. I would like to learn how to be act someday. <3<3<3<3 I'm not allowed to get an industrial piercing.. #sad lol My pockets are the only things bigger than my ego. Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/1/11 from 10am-2pm at UC Riverside's Rivera Library Walkway One forgives to the degree that one loves Just another brainless halfwit. Just a warbling Paul Gascoigne. Here today gone tomorrow- it's quotes like this that keep me going hey guys! Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are. Let me know :) Listenninq to Frank Ocean -Thinking bout you[]<U+266A> some of my favorite writing inspiration comes from my boys observations of the world. I love how he sees things. =D no instagram for android yet? :( Jazzed to present 'Managing Your Digital Footprint' @ PLU for another great summer program for 11th & 12th graders! All I can do is be me. Just saw the new Pabst graffiti! It's on a Milwaukee bus. Do you need to refer Clients to low fee counseling? Then call Denver family Institute today! 3037563340 Can we talk about the fact that 30 year old Natalie Dormer is playing 16 year old Margaery Tyrell? I am not buying it! "The best ideas are those enacted upon after the conference." - #ALAconf Chair Lisa Dasher Go Hoover!!!!!!!! TY for supporting to Save Our Soaps. SOS! Rejection the VI: Nothing remarkable except was the same CC to which I applied upon earning my PhD. 10 yrs later, the record skips. Ugggg I hat skool y do u hav 2 be there so early!!!!!!!!!!! this is how we start EVERY weekend! clippers but if they lose this imma dis own they ass...smh Or, more simply put: to live your truth or not. Happy Sunday, Cory! Burglarizing. You are burglarizing my house. Please don't kill our dogs. We like them. you tell me! you right and it has been down for a minute. If and my crew have anything to do with it, that won't be for long lol. “: You're the best, Blythe! Your work in philanthropy and charitable giving inspires all of us. Thank you!” 's true thanks for the advice. changed my religion on facebook to "Kurt Cobainism". Srsly turned off the outdoor lights and could still see trees, not shadows, down the street @ Maxwell's in Hoboken. The Jam's "Going Underground" and Blur's "Stereotypes" just played back-to-back. Swat Team on Rambling Creek and Liberty Road with fire trucks and unmarked cars. Be careful everyone! We'd recommend staying away. I hope, I pray the next year will result in you changing that assessment. #UArts also announces 2012 Honorary Degree of Fine Art to cartoonist Tony #Auth, formerly now Give so much time to building your self confidence and improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others. You did great today. This DJ acts like he's legit and says tweet me your request and doesnt even give us the name. smh Phone chargers should be 6 feet long >_< Have a very happy "Happy Birthday" Jake! i know you probrably think i hate you but i dont so dont think that way okay so bye and thanks :D It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces Let the nerds hate If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!. new rule: xmas music shld not be played on radio until after thanksgiving... just saying! Hopefully or Rachel Crow will win Xfactor since Drew gone :( Observing at a school for 6 hours today #fallbreak more like It's a Creative Cause/Take Charge Indy type day WOO adventures! I feel like giving away some Gabriel Iglesias tickets out now in the 7 @ 7 Countdown...turn on Kiss 97.3! #7 is Rihanna "Talk That Talk" A closed mouth never gets fed. Ask & you shall receive. "So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you...." Luke 11:9 Interest rates on savings are extremely low, almost nonexistent. Your savings account is actually a loan to your bank, a free loan. what high schools are in Johnson county? Olathe and Shawnee mission? #Np GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME Its gonna be one long day A1. Best way to understand customer needs is to ask. Requires engagement. And manpower. C/b hard to scale. Christmas Party~ I loved "Learning by Doing" even though I came in late! Lol He Got The Jewish Thing On I don't sleep much! haha Proud of all of the adult students who performed in the showcase tonight! see you guys next semester! And wants to see you! Maybe someday you can take a road trip. :) Buster sucks We have 999 followers. Who will get us to 1,000? I've always said that 07 was the best year SC ever had and will ever have. "Psychology comforts the afflicted. Sociology afflicts the comforted." TY for the RT. Feels good to have the draft about half done! Finna head to iTunes for that #SSM Album ! Paul's Boutique was first CD I ever broke by playing it too much. My friends & I called it "Paul's Butt" which I probably shouldn't mention. Can the Lakers/Clippers fans coexist & support each other, only to clash during the Western Conference Finals? I certainly hope so. u can't put me da same category as Dee fat ass LOL We need to redefine the meaning of laborer and consumer. "Don't get aggravated. Then the enemy has you by the short hairs." #DeadwoodLifeLessons Thanks JT. I can really use that mantra. I'm so cold!!!! Brrrrr Don't chase after the wrong things, they will take you in the wrong direction. The Android app, with it's flawless function and media is model for others to follow. been there, felt that & got the t-shirt to prove it.. lol i feel you pain bro. Ima DM you my number Haha I need off sometimes so I can get that b-roll as needed! Plus thank you for the b-day wishes! : Why do you hate that song, if i may ask? Stop assuming u know a persons life thru their tweets! First time all day I'm not greeting/visiting with wedding guests as they arrive. Kinda weird to be alone! #2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>6 Today is a bittersweet day. As I begin a new chapter in life. My uncle completed the last chapter in his life. Divinity is ...comprehensible as Truth, Beauty, and Goodness! Today is someone's birthday! Thx Andrew! We're very, very excited. Counting down the days/milliseconds, actually. See you soon ;) so i found out yesterday im not seeing on june 1st. pretty freaking upset. oh well. i'll meet you someday <3 will send my people to cut marios yard twice a week so he can stay.. Lowes is the best price, built a whole system there for less then $600 hope all is well. I'm hoping I can make the audition for background on Monday. God bless. Wish me luck;) "I cannot make decisions" Quote from my boss Happy Friday T! Priceless view of the past. Thanks for Tweeting! Happy Holidays from across the pond! Easy, Breezy, Cover Girl!!!! I c u That's what I say about you! Lol jp ily (: ": Bitch be hating : simon puta bishh!!!" Love you guys and love you 500+ RSVPs! RT : Gearing up for tmrw's Personal Finance for Recent Grads event on campus. RT if you are coming!!! RT : The brave may not live forever but the cautious do not live at all. More relationships would last if people treated the ones in their house as well as or better than the way they treat those outside the house Wouldn't matter. Educational system here is so bad that it's amazing they spell anything right that has more than three letters. RT : Today in 1995: Bomb explodes outside Alfred P. Murrah Federal Bldg in Oklahoma City, killing 168. Lessons learned:... When people assume I'm mad. Um no I'm just annoyed . Then you give me attitude , well then now I'm mad..... You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do. alright so Thanks so much for the kind words! Also,globbing is done by the shell before ruby gets called but it should've gotten a mention Getting my shoes shined during long layover in Denver. Now I don't have to do it myself. No ideas. Going to go drink a bottle of wine and draw borders on 500 pieces of 8.5x11 paper. ": If You're <U+0418>ot Ready To Risk Everything, maybe You Don't Want It Bad Enough. . ." So just tweeted something I want to retweet but I can't because she wants to be private & shit -___- school monday I'ma dread waking up early in the mornings Those strike me as wise sentiments. Thanks. thank you <3 Handed in my application for a summer internship at wish me luck! you do that all the time !! www.joborworker.com, we just started, but save this link for the future. see that's why I luv u. Favorite Beach Boys song? "Heroes and Villains," hands down. So epic. The most epic beach pop. Oomf is gorgeous! CHROME. Do it. We have SEEN effects of TAX CUTS & it is a FAILED policy. Tax Cuts do NOT create Jobs OR improve lives of working class people!! Obama 2012! "I've been alone for almost all my life, what makes you think that you can ever do me right?" <U+0001F3A7> In 10 hours I'll be at LAX picking Nick up from airport. His first time home since 12/5!!! Very excited!! At EE-Sane in Milwaukee for some great Thai food. We're losing our freedom to unelected commissions, boards, and bureaucrats. Inevitably they act as little dictatorships. They run YOU. Get over yourself. You don't have to defend yourself to me, this is a jugement free zone. oh ill show u the picture in a sec when i find it Same here! haha so true! I think "crazy" was being used in a derogatory sense. Wait, what did MWP do? I am never making it to work. Ugh. And I say hi to my little New York Whole Foods is the perfect place to pick up all of the ingredients for your holiday meal. They are always supporting the neighborhood. Go cats!!! - thanks so much! We'll have to swap book recommendations. :) did you really just say that?? thanks! & also thanks for the follow back :) should you need new shots down the line, feel free to contact me. sup man! For Billy Crystal.... RT Tina Fey's hair has a hardon. what's the point in creating a Science Direct user account if I can't save individual articles for later? just a very slight bump.. it`s all good Nap time.. my brain is fried More L.A. #shakespeare for #ff: - Richard I. Catch it before it closes Feb 25. they definitely need to make one of those!! That would be so awesome! We should make one (: lol Youtube ads will be the death of me Hi Amrit! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! oh thanks sweet sista. this pregancy has majorly taking a toll on me. been sick, energy drained. You should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o) lol Daily GTKY question: Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best? #FF to our new design followers! thx for following! says May of 2013 but we can pull some strings... :) #boyfriends aren't always there for you, but #bestguyfriends are... - could do , but sounds pompous (?) so maybe , or Something fresh and new for you! :) Changed my name to . + I have new profile:P school was a killer today.... I love it! 3 stories of greatness! Please support our band by downloading your favorite songs for 99 cents/song on the store icon, signing up as a fan and telling your... how bout you learn to STFU! :| RT event with SOLD OUT! Wowza... we'll try to book another date in the coming months please follow me please you'll be in my heart too <3 Late night at the gym yes. Hell yes. HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! ENTER THE DRAGON!! #DearTeacher please dont ask me to be quiet..maybe u should be quiet In an editorial that goes up on our website tonight, we'll suggest Barrett, Flynn, Chisholm do more to cure the disease infecting MPD. Too bad it's not winter. You sure would heat the place up.. So just isn't enough today, so I'm gonna go to and get my butt kicked there too! #thinkingofFloridanextweek! #Brewers, you have to take the series. Better yet, sweep! uh...kevin hart does not appeal to me. nor did his chunky bretheren. you totally would, too. You may be my only true friend. On the plus side today-got my first in-person thanks for a #CALI lesson I wrote-student said it should have been required! yum Lobster! Enjoy the East Coast! thanks for the FB - i LOVE zombies! U.S. stocks stage afternoon comeback, erasing bulk of Wednesday's losses. #edumooc2 Thinking about extending the analogy to runners fetching snow to kings..tech making edu more democratic? Good Tuesday morning!! To all my fantastic followers have a beautiful day<3<3 Great! : hey there hope all is well! finally emailing you that pitch I talked about when we met in Feb - excited! RT : Jim Watson on his fav gene: "It’s the only gene I know whose very structure is an implicit biological message":... me too. I loved him and Dickens taught me about real hardship at youngish age. A2: Pip from Great Expectations! Thx for stopping by and taking the time to learn about our program! one word "funeral" lol - I'm going with my Gunners, Allan! where have you ben ! lol : i can't find my coffee mug so i have to use my water mug for coffffeeeeeee. Man I'm starving. Just as long as you have a path than your good in life. Finally over a million on temple run ik right lol Just woke up randomly, can't fall back sleep - surgery in about 8 hours so I guess I'll get more sleep then. lol Friends r collecting new robes/blankets 4 chemo patients in lieu of birthday gifts for their kids. Let me know if you want 2 donate! Orlando airport needs tech disruption! Its so slow... say hi to Fa v rah for me. ;-) Calling all ALPFA Milwaukee members! Brief meeting Monday, February 27 at 8 pm. Union room 143 well I don't know about nada being the same w/you,haha but drinking Nos sure isn't as much fun Forgot ur a fellow U2 fan. Nice. : yes yes. Got a bottle of crown Ok, it's seriously time to start planning my birthday bash! Less than a month away till the big one! yeah :( losing game 2 sucketh in a biggest way just the way you are Unsubscribed to some email lists because now I have latest posts in feedly so if you noticed I did, it wasn't personal. ha ha. Why in the world are you watching it?! You seemed rather predisposed to hate it... I hope I'm running around like when I'm 65. Speaking if big pussy how are you doing? If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it... you will have wasted your life on regret . Just announced!! Another show headed to BankAtlantic Center in 2013! June 13, 2013... tickets go on sale next Saturday,... Dreams on dreams on dreams about this kid. <<<< The diesel fumes from 's bus are freaking killing me. Like seriously? 3 hours straight of running. So terrible. An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded. ~ Pope John Paul II "But if you ask me I will go, anything for you But if you ask me I will go, cause baby I need you." can burp the alphabet, Sweet!! Nice work Dave! You have a good weekend too. How come you never tweet about my fighting career? I love it Larry Heideldidder of Miami Beach is gonna love this episode. omg i love u! follow me :) Hahahaa!!! : Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook? You're so tech savvy, what a great investment. RT : Helton arrived early in AZ to workout. He weighs 220lbs Looks strong Not going to worry about back. Going to let swing rip... So, the Ch 5 news helicopter just flew over the house. I wonder what's going on. watch out those downtown DC roads are confusing. #FYI Two-thirds of the mobile phone users are using the backlight of their phone as a flash light. - productsusp.com I needed to draw a map today and though I might need some advice. Hope your day today is "Map" free and peaceful. Had a great time recording a pocast with and ! Stay posted for a link. :) I can be a wonderful rhetorician when I need to be. working on a building my website My job today; create as-built drawings of a parking garage. New one for me. We are so excited to have you! RT : I am so excited about on Sunday!!! durant is good!! Phew. Last day of finals! Congrats to everyone for surviving, and special Congrats to all the graduates! Don't wish your life away. Is today bring your daughter/child to work day? There is an unnecessary amount of children w/ parents at Starbucks right now. i love u my money Been doing some re-branding. A new version of our website will be launching VERY soon!! yes i totally rub it in ur face when ur the one who goes around telling people & i dont want them to know.LOl Help is on the way. Thanks for the heads up! Good deal! Sweet pot. fries rock! RT SMASHDAY! Free entree w/purchase of a side & soft drink...must show tweet. Exp 11/2 10pm. hangouts on air ought to get you around the 10 limit Chicago Citizen is hard at work on tomorrow's five papers. . would agree (his recommended way of coming out). Bernie Madoff was my agent. RT Actors - You are CEO of your career. If you are a lousy CEO that's not your agent or managers fault if I ever saw you I would run up to you & hug you… just to make your day(: ok I'll keep an eye out for it. Working late lol Araabmuzik didn't even show I'm out of here Taylor Armstrong talking about working her relationship with Russell on RHOBH... #AWKWARD Does she get a refund for that psychotherapy? BORN & RAISED BABY My nex son will be named Wolfgang. Just sayin... Avoiding wrinkles tip: Treat your skin with TLC. Don’t over-dry or irritate your face with harsh cleansers or hot water. Enjoyed the debate this a.m. Perhaps the ? is more about personal v. corporate blog. Both need personality and opinion. RT : I don't care willow. Mean girl Watching Chicago with :) Racism still exist because the people who don't suffer from it, don't stand up for the people who do. thanks for the mention! U-Rock! “Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness.” -Martin Luther King Jr. Am i the only one not watching vin's ustream? Fml. Somebody better record it jack says all time low won't be on the warped tour this year. i haven't been to a warped tour ever where atl wasn't playing. i'm confused. My special moment ^.^ "This is a fucking asshole of a day" Looking forward to seeing Act Like a Lady think Like a Man fuck a six pack ! you skinny fucks Wasn't that Barney Rubble's son? hah was on a sewing machine, but this year it'll be ready to go for you. Thanks for reaching out! Final exam time for my #musictheory 4 class > #musth212 They are a special group. No one wants me to play the musical examples. <sigh> i'm from CC Texas, & i wanted to move to SA for you but you left now :( <3 I jus got off the phone wit yoo bestfriend it doesn't get better then sitting beachside with your bestfriend . Its too cold to get out of bed. i can't watch sunsets anymore unless i skip through the commercials girls night tonight??? I think so! #OWIF: After leaving Richard's house, the posse tracked me down by following the pizza stains and trail of Skittles! Ray Charles to the bullshit Why must I be so trusting and always give ppl the benefit of the doubt? I just continue getting screwed over and over and over. Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012 Bring the kids to pick out handmade wooden toys by Joe the Woodchuck! We are OPEN right now! Just got my Diablo 3 beta invite. Awesome! Hopefully I'll get some time to play a bit this weekend. you cannot date your bestfriend's boyfriend!! lol Wow Man City Just gotta hang in there cool meeting you at Horrorhound. Thanks for the pic! Lol we were both a lil late its all love known, get big marketing Thanks, anywhere I can listen to some stuff? Vibrating sounds (against skull) seems like an unpleasant experience for sure... I hope it all turned out ok! you watching the FA cup final?! I'm back Always fight for what is yours.. RT: RT : "Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding;" -Prov 3:5// It's ok. Blame it on you must be jamaican. because jamaican me want to punch your face. Try our SIMPLE & FIT 2-Egg Breakfast Scrambled egg substitute, two strips of turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and fresh fruit.350 Calories I was gonna shower right now but I'm too sleepy!! <U+0001F601><U+0001F601><U+0001F4A4> I was born to be somebody, ain't nothin that's ever gonna stop me. I'll light up the sky like lighting <3 can I have the money you'll use for the candles instead?? Lmao Saw the vid a few days ago--wow! Talk about being bitter..I also think that he's ironically displaying his own ugly imperialism- I swear omg me and didn't know we were gonna see Janet Jackson nshit Things are falling apart again oh I see This nigga is going ham on Corbin up on his fb Why does work writing require 3 times as much effort and distraction as other writing? I love gettin those "I miss you" txt frm my bf :) Sorry if you were sent spam from my account, everyone. I blame ! ;) I'm having a Ketel One lemon drop instead. Haven't been yelled at like that since my mom. Crazy! In comparison, anything that happens is ... word of advice. don't be flirting and trying to get with someone the same day you go into a relationship with someone else. #wouldyou tell me I'm beautiful when it's a day of my worst? Adding QR code to back of business card to direct clients to my LinkedIn profile. Smart idea from my smart friend Anne. Driving Through Washington D.C.? My name is Beatus. Follow Back ? Research and education should be measured on impact, especially in improving health Cant wait to go to pennsylvania this weekend I need a break! Congratulations NBA All-Star!!! Ugh my brother eats everything :( Today in Literary History: On April 6, 1942 Barry Levinson (screenwriter and director known for RAIN MAN) was born in Baltimore. two boxes of hot pockets for lunch :DD do u have a blog post on your session proposal? would love 2 see it #Word2theWise No one will invest in u until U invest in self. Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199 Show the people your serious about your business! has T really lost all charac?Tossing clubs and GD's at Aug. Will Aug. tolerate that from T?Pple mak mstks, I can forgiv grow u T WTF I can't sleep!! <U+0001F61E> and it's 4:18 in the morning I just checked in at Fire Station, Anytown USA (w/4 others). FourSquare lives!!!!!!!!! I miss you D: same thing mayne relaxing from a long day Something good did happen tonight... Congratulations to and his wife Diana on the birth of their first baby. Ah! You just solved a mystery - who painted that giant mural by our office! Omg left school YAY Easy Stallone! RT : Do you feel THAT ? That's me arm wrestling you to hurry up! xo Hope you had a safe return home and great memories of the bro's of San Fran :) Learned tons from you, thx for the wisdom! Just saw it at Living Room Theatres. You must go! He should lose his license "life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - neale donald walsch #AskBieber Justin Where Wilk You Be Going During The #BelieveTour.?? Will you come to Indiana.? was literally thinking today about moving down there full-time once the kids r gone. Can go into business w/ Whats going on in TN? Makin' moonshine? I cut ALL my hair off! It's a bit tricky to create an ad for ebooks that mostly don't work on ereaders. Don't want to false advertise. yes! Ha that was her Need a texting buddy.. Any takers? :) "I smile 98% of the time" : ) hahaha so awesome Glad and I got to catch up with over lunch! We missed you ! But in this exchange you definitely threw the winning salvo with that last one. Thanks Peter. Just checking! It will be nice and warm this weekend. Summer is already here! brain freeze. Oh Yeah I Remember Thx:) Its not like I brought up Dallas sweeping the Lakers or anything....Why did you have to do that?! Your a horrible person Busy week of recruiting in Florida at AAU National tournament then back to KY in prep for 2011 preseason. Canada, Cats and Vegas + HCAC is giving a solid talk on balanced design. if you come to UK there will be no sitting on the bench. You be in the starting 5. Guaranteed!! Now bring home #9! Uh oh, site was down for 20 minutes. By my estimation, the host should owe me about $0.0005 in ad revenue. It's just so overwhelming! is heading to #SXSW.! Look us up if you're planning to be there. We'd love to meet. #getit also, we're due for a visit soon. Your city or mine? yikes - frost! #ExcusesToDrink - 'bout dern time this was a trend on twitter. My answer: just cuz! maybe should add some G+ integration stat is wondering what would I tell my younger self? the good ones always get snatched up ;) - My count: 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze for SD County Brewers, Can you confirm? Just saw the new Shrek. Am I the only one who doesn't care for 3D? Thanks for RTs and mentions kick some a#! tomorrow... I really go through spurts of cravin to watch the family man. Idk why!!!! Here comes hydro. Lying about how "good" he is at basketball. Paul Simon looks like a hobbit. Maybe they learned it from someone? Possible! :) Listening to Steve Krug at #onw12 - great keynote pick! Today was rough but I made it! congratulations to you and your wife on the birth of your son. Decemberism is one of my favorite man Overboard songs because fuck you. Lol :p eh. My grandfather passed away from cardiac arrest Thursday morning. So my family is kinda broken. New favorite cocktail: the Dollywood at I could drink those all day, but they seem a bit dangerous. killin it right now one the 1s & 2s - come shake that booty for #NBDT nobigdealthursdays Thanks! Looking forward to connecting RT sounds like an interesting mobile app! - good name too SHUT YOUR FACE. Tess. Where!?!? Are y'all really going to see the hunger games!? I just came from party in goodnight lovelies have a great day c u all later!!;) love waking up and my mom is downstairs watching recorded dr phil ha... Neccessity is the mother of invention Ha! thanks Jo! Have to stay ready for they ass! Thanks for doing the show! You rock! think about this. hes very critical and abhors tone deafness...so.if he heard a lil and wants more, chances are your good Men never remember, but women never forget. Absolutely, loving it! Anyone eaten at Barney's Beanery in West Hollywood on 66? Planning an itinerary for the trip next summer and looks like a great meal. have a safe trip back! look forward to catching up w/ you. still kinda bummed i missed public media camp... / At lunch blah so bored ! Haha tweet me . Words hurt. It's also the actions that follow. i dont know the tittle. i love almost all of them lmao And the PRESIDENT just mentioned in a tweet! Anybody want to send us happy hour booze now! We are Broadcasting LIVE inside CLUB EMPIRE with Homie Marco and DJ Mister E! 410 and Culebra - It's THE ONLY place to be at tonight! we'll make that dinner up to you ! Have fun <U+0001F601> lol not that part but the everything else is suppose to be funny. Thanks & farewell, splendid MW friends! (Parting would be more sorrowful if many of us weren't going to meet in 10 days at AAM.) Is a Major Announcement Similar to A Major Award? Leg Lamp? I have a family of 4 and all kinds of prescription needs with kids etc. Not stealing my business from Walgreens yet. Does anyone know of a way to download the #NAISAC12 program? They turned off the Issuu option, I think. Dear United States Post Office. Survival tip - get Zuckerburg to take over FedEx and UPS. y do some guys think it's necessary to leave overly complimentary comments on ur Fbook pics?just hit the like button, trust me that's enough Did Jeff Long do the right thing firing Petrino? Call 248-848-1130 Might get a feather in my hair ( : RT ": #fact this series is going to game 7. Lakars playing like trash. No defense!" I love my daughters laugh it's like music to my ears! i hav 2 accounts i follow on both :) thanks for the RT with Thanks! I just got it. China Glaze, "For Audrey" :) Hmmph not grass. Yes* Social media problems. MT : Looks like a pretty thin day on the presidential history front. No one did much on May 3 big ass abd she dont care nigga before that!! Mimosa this morning? Let's get this week started right. Happy Monday everybody :) If you had the chance to name a never-before-seen rare stone, what would it be? Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway I'm not going to be able to go tomorrow. I don't have the money this weekend. noo! Then I'd be "cocky" That's crazy! I like it when the #Bears improve their team through trades and free agency. It makes it more satisfying when the #Packers beat them. Can social, informal learning help you learn? what's up man good times Lastnight @ supper club Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!! HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends Good morning Twitter. Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there. Today in Literary History: Author Charles Dickens was born in Portsmouth, England in 1812. RE: The Bachelorette promo -- ugh. Really? Ugh. Did you read disgusting tweets celebrating briebarts death & praying that O Reilly & Limbaugh are next? U R in good company. ": Bear Down!" Hell yeah! Go tear em up! No one good is on xbox :/ <CoolStoryBro> Seriously, what the hell is the obsession with my cat and my phone case! she just chewed it! Wishing I was at 2011 CES in Las Vegas - looks like smart TV's will be big in 2011!! Lols. RT : In other news, MySpace just acquired Polaroid. On my mind :] Got a Twitter account? So does #GoldenValleyYum. Come check us out and ask us to 'Follow' you! See you there! Just installed 12.04 LTS beta 2 and gnome-panel to get classic mode back. It's so good! Oh how I missed non-unity Ubuntu. RT : Don't forget to ask the universe to look after your health and well being #becauseyou'reworthit - TY doll! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! Xox buy #tickets for the #concert ahead of time, they'll go quick! bostonstringplayers.eventbrite.com Morning! It's unbelievable what can be accomplished when everyone on the same page! Where is the place that theatre happens in Tulsa? how does lunch sound :) Just got some new info on how police-involved shooting went down in Whitehall. Live at 11. i have news for you!!!!! : a) wild thing rick vaughn, warlock?, b) when's he making a comeback that awesome bastard UN button dat shyt. Unzip dat shyt den I slide my dick all IN dat bitch Can u get a sun tan wearing mesh? Let's findout LOL I know right?! I got more tanned though :P haha If you could name a pair of tennis shoes what would they be called? I like this whole getting better more energy thing. Hope it lasts! #swankpoll - "Release the fish!" that's how I first heard the song! Thanks L'Enfant for a great lunch. See you all next week. Don't forget Trucko de Mayo tomorrow "You wanna get high?" Be safe everyone <U+2642>Things That Men Say: You are a fighter, except you're real cute... Dont go down,the slide backwards dumb bitch Studying a menu. Video: Thome, Contreras play in intrasquad game Phillies' Jim Thome and Jose Contreras saw action in a minor-league intrasquad scrimmage The easiest choice to make is no choice at all. You Were Awesome Dancing In The VMA's!!!!! Great Dancing!!!!! :) I think its time ..... Goodnight tweetheads sweet dreams. Another pretty day in the Rose City I miss being a TA. pretty damn good.. not Duffs.. But who is.. Half off drafts makes it a good alternative to madmex One day I'm a die ma hair Kats hair from victorious :) Romantically...just the cooking & submission aspect I mentioned earlier...plus... Lula Washington Dance Theatre comes to The Hillman Center this Saturday at 7:00PM. Get your tickets before they’re all gone!... My mom just disrespected me beyond what I can even comprehend.....smh and BB&T team up to offer our customers more service. Now you can pay #hoa dues at a BB&T branch! Meet Carolina born & raised Apollo 16 moonwalker Charlie Duke. He is appearing at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex today. Sneaking into fancy hotels to use the restroom This game is going to give me a heart attack! The new dork is innovating on facial hair. Kudos on Outman with the stirrups. Stirrups should be mandatory. i know right!!! love the video of sushi live! the camera loves us... :-)) You are very sweet, thank you...-BF Bowl painting tomorrow at Whole Foods downtown - $5/bowl - 10 a.m. until noon. See you there!! OK, you threw in baby, we're good now. i thank/blame you for my new luv deluxe obsession Skyrim, why must we be separated for so long? :/ 4 day weekend comin up for me ! I hate being #2 this shit gots to change Being a truck driver is just like going off to college....u come home every once in a while Just finished my GSS post for this week! Make sure you check out my post on Thursday for Groom Sold Separately! We have our Camera package, Crane & Dolly, talent, a most of our locations. Just need two more riders and one location to make well he's going home to France for the holidays, and New York is on the way. actors who work hard, but no one appreciates their work enough to watch, so their shows get cancelled must feel like, I dunno, librarians? Funky music. ^_^ Different day but for us it's just the same shit Why would the #NFL put the #Packers and #Bears on at 315? The anticipation is killing me! At this point, how many MWC teams do you see making the tournament? Believe it can be more than UNLV, SDSU and NM? This middle aged man just called me Bro... Nice man. #CaliSwag? Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment! "At the risk of being grandiloquent..." Oh, Julian Fellowes, how I love you. Good Night #Twitter! School tomorrow #UGH!!! “: have an awful time trying to get lean again bc your metabolism is destroyed” Agree that starving is not good choice haha RT : How embarrassing is it that Columbus, Ohio makes the national news on because of cows escaping? <headsmack> All taken care of. Let us know if you have any other questions. made it around 1 am last night. heading to ACC shortly You were the smartest person in the room plenty of times especially when it was just you and me! What other photo sharing sites are ahead of it? That explains all the catering trucks I've seen today! The Belvedere is not a far walk from my office.... thank you for the amazing stove! We love it. Looking forward to Thursdays adventure - the convection oven vs 23lb turkey!! why u want that know ?? Well your cut the fuck off in the store house of my creative mind are many many innovative shoe designs and all it takes is for the design world to tap into it. hahahaha you should make your own commercial for Avengers ;) #IfTheyShutDownTwitter i will die. twitter, scratch that the internet is apart of my life. i love having fun and making new friends. im watching victoria justice ustream on youtube. lol Awesome. Get after it. Stay positive RT : first match of the season for us too #GAMEON! you guys have a smash with !! Amazing performer! they were so loud I could hear them on your cubicle webcam Is it not a "real" relationship if we haven't had a single fight? I inhale pure earth. I release the white ghost. meant to say oval office "my fucking boyfriend" OMG, I can't. *fandom explodes* Yes I would love a vitamix please thank you! come on, I was in like 2nd grade and I remember that! It's Fujiyama Week! Consensus goes 4-1 yesterday and we have 103 cappers with action posted so far this AM with 6 consensus posted all free BEA Bloggers Update: Blogger/Author Jen Lancaster has been added 2 the conference! Details TBA. That wasn't very nice.... My shiny teeth and me! Thank You Seals- Team 6. Huzzah!!! Get down to the rink and help support the Dukic family. We're having a concession stand to raise money for them in their time of need Ways to get food. Ancestor: hunt, gather. Bird: fly agape. Me: trade symbols for packets. Cat: walk up to human, scream. Cat wins. If had an instagram>>>> virgin lungs, until she met a real nigga. LOL Did We Really Say That? Wtf Were We On Hahaaa Infographic: Mortgage Rates Thank you so much! And thanks for coming out and being a part of it! GM yall. I slept late and breakfast is so delicious. Sitting on my back patio appreciating the simple things in life. #Fireflies. They are actually pretty cool to observe. As much as technology takes over, there's still plenty of room for developing critical thinking skills Without forgiveness, there's no future. ~ Desmond Tutu Finally starting to get good at mancala What's all this fuss about loving Starlin Castro? Sure, he took strike 3 with bases loaded, 2 out in the 9th....Never mind. I'm not lazy. Want proof? I'm tweeting all the time. Looking forward 2 Derby but will miss my Gramps HUGE, 1st time in 35 years I won't be able to share it w/ him. do you still take Spinning classes? happy birthday Geo! thank you for starting the ICONic Boyz and inspiring millions! #MuchLove <3 Steak Night. Best steak. Best price. Come see us! i'm awesome . Thought i'd hit you up cus its been a min , you know . Oh it's about to get real. :')<3 Daytime television is so quality im not dislexic* .... im just blind.. That Hot Cold, Hot Cold with the water in the shower, In there looking like your dancing salsa butt ass naked.. I did, & bleh. More crackpot realism. by skelton logic, drs wud fix broken arm by having a separate surgery for each bone piece What types of Women's rights items should be digitized at the National Archives during the Extravascanza? go to sleep lol thats what i usually do dont hold urself down, come back tomorrow and show them whats up! SARAH!! <3 Will you please follow me? It would mean so much to me<3 I love you!! Don't you forget that when I need you there will be no sorrow #IWouldTextYouMoreIf my mom stopped reading my texts. There are worse things than losing a football game. Thanks for an exciting season bring it on then! I'm ready! Everyone changes, even you lol a lot of change lol Looking forward to your tweets. Cheers. RT : Thanks for the follows! oh haha , okay. just wondering. :-) I miss you~ help me alex, Help me. 8 pecan and 2 chicken and potato. The dogs won't leave the kitchen. I'm afraid for the pot pies. sounds GREAT! If you come, be sure to say hi! I love being naked this week is crazy, but let's face it did I really expect any less, hell I know next week is gunna be crazy too! lol OMG IM SUCH A BIG FAN <3 I LOVE YOU GUYS Mac OS X Lion has taught me one new habit: Command-W before Command-Q. haha aww thanks girl! But yeah he was shitfaced too...I took a sip of his drink..it was some fruity margarita Yes! It was fun and good to meet you both f2f. I enjoyed your SM suggestions as well! polling here is tight. Ask me today and I think O takes both NC and Va. With NC the closer. But I'm a reporter. Not a pollster. Stuart is such an amazing designer. I've been following his work for a while--the "Salvage King"! :) better late than never! revolutions take time anyway. Saturday morning: discussing leadership styles, creating work plans, mapping out the calendar for the year. Busy, busy retreat day #mix and upon further interneting, that is what they were credited as for the film. ,they drink the milk #RIP Donna Summer She Michael Jackson bad Delaware takes a 1-0 lead!! #17 Michael Piet with the games first goal! Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear. Wedding invitations arrived today from ! Boss had to pick them up & texted me, "they're gorgeous!" Can't wait to see them!! Woke up thought it was Monday. Thank God it's Tuesday. :) Mitt Romney Must Be Bold to Beat Barack Obama Once the waters are muddied, what will be left of Romney's message? I finally am a little tan doe do you guys accept Aetna? Mom: I told that guy not to bring that guy. Yes!:) I work with digtl peeps in politcl field and see so much oppty there-visual, simple, lets the story tell itself. I've got a question: Why is the median NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel? Get 'The Addiction' on iTunes finished with phase I: Vancouver to Des Moines. Phase II: DSM to MKE is next month. ,my niece has had problems at youth too, thanks for helping me not feel alone in this battle. Hold tight to ur values. <3 Everybody wants to find a shortcut these days.... Seems like nobody does their due diligence anymore -- LCD () Wish I was in DC this week - hope things are going well at my favorite food truck! Just because you know my name doesn't mean you know my game im just smdh. i think she is nuts. IU doing some rockish stuff = HOT! is coming back to Oregon! Hell YES! Believe me, so do I. I'm with ya. Let's both hope I am wrong Love today! I almost couldn't ask 4 a more happy, beautiful, relaxing amazing day! If any preview to the coming yr then I'm totally stoked. Put you on game bitch take a seat Love those days...Check out our first San Diego Dishcrawl, have some mouth watering treats. fancy side of town You fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected timee. Wish I was at the Bank to cheer on my NL mistress, #Phillies. Though I seem to have a better view of J. Sanchez's pretty eyelashes on Fox. straight up... is standing in the refused ticket line and he's the opening act. told me even he couldn't get on the list. RT : "Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom." George Patton* Seattle Public Schools arranged for 14,500 children to hear the Dalai Lama speak Monday. Imagine if they had arranged to hear Billy Graham. Im not even hungry no more Good, taught too many classes this semester but thankfully it's almost over. Business feels good too. i wanna see it when u get done you know what would be great? If it was spring break already. I'm really not up for 3 mor days of school. :***** I'll send you kisses until you stop <3 Harry Potter Forbidden Journey is absolutely amazing! Fuck you Chris 9016912337 | claim this number, who are you??? Good Morning! Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving with your family. Now it's time to get back to work and be productive! Next up Christmas! Indigo Girls concert tonight with my 15 year old dd, motion hearing in the morning. Good thing I didn't lose my voice. Let's ride some fucking bike!! pretty good! and you? Got out of class fucking early today and now I have nothing to do he meant Emeril...... Vince Gill giveaway? Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker! Waiting in line for Harry Potter!!!!!!!!! RT - Love The #Browns #Cavs #Monsters! Hate the Cleveland Indians! Go Yankees! My credits are counting on you. Just considered mugging a hipster in tight jeans, for the 12-pack of lonestar and a bag of Doritos he was carrying. rickie fowler is my man. #inlove #champ! Holy.....shit, that was far. it makes me so mad because I go to play a good song and it's not there... I first hear Beyonce named her baby Ivy. I was proud. It's cute and normal. Then I found out it's BLUE Ivy Carter. Uh, no. Crazy celebs. Happy Easter everyone. Love you all. Spending today home alone...): moving to canada. Washington: A Life by Ron Chernow and A Bend In The Road: Finding God When Your World Caves In by David Jeremiah. We're pumped about these workshops and can't wait to meet cha have to go back thursday for a small procedure so i was thinking. you should travel to wisconsin again :) yes, you're lucky. I lost my taste with this one. Second round of antibiotics and 3rd week :( Tasted food 1st time tonight! I like: Skater Boys AND Dorky Boys (: I have the message sir... You dissed me... Lol Just found out Home Depot allows you to pay with PayPal. First retailer to offer the service. Very cool. Stolen: if you think being gay is a choice, the don't tell me obesity is genetic, mkay. that right thur sucks I loved the movie! Too bad the book was so dry... Project Einstein opens this evening, with our special First Friday hours: 4:30-10p, 6-9p Artist Reception. I love seeing old couples, it gives me hope to believe that theres still true love out there Same here, Dave what a good day to be born! Thank you Ben, happy belated ladies! Fried green beans are AMAZING. #TryThem :) this is more quantum mechanics and chaos theory than I expect to read in an English class Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 2 great game! lol imma do a mime dance day two of becoming empowered- and meeting so amazing women! Fret for your bullshit ... Thank you jill!! You too!! RT : Happy mothers day to all the milfy's! Off to sit in an MRI & listen to bad elevator music. Say some #prayers they don't find any critters living in mah' noggin. O.o THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR in a wild bar hop through the 1930s will open June 15th for a six week run Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time. #Twitter is a pice of shit :P I was on meds for that last month. They messed me up he is! I talked 2 him last night. I'm really exited 2 work w/him, party w/you guys & live in the wind city, we gonna have fun! Happy Valentine's day to all our friends! Harley Davidson: "We fulfill dreams through motorcycling by providing an expanding line of motorcycles and branded products and services." RT : I'm sorry! I'm sure it will be okay :/ #U.S Capitol Historical Society symposium "Mary Lincoln vs. Congress" 6:30 p.m. Dirksen Senate Bldg. tomorrow. put some icing on my twitter profile today. I need more in my everyday. Is it me or is this week going by extremely slow? um let's go to the in Santa ana the smells of the #sfmuni...urine & moth balls No worries. I have cookies to bring, regardless. C.&I'll be busy tomorrow, so if able, tonight's the better night to call. I really want to trade if possible "Time's fun when you're having flies." -- Kermit the Frog. Reminds me of a run I had the other day...yum! Spread the word im back online that's sweet!!! Dear #LotusNotes, If I double click an attachment, why do you ask me if I'd like to open it? Isn't that what double click means? RT : Ryan Howard will read the Top Ten List on tonight. also on the show. (via ) use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off first purchase, 10% EVERY FUTURE PURCHASE! meanwhile im in Milwaukee jealous. lmao. how do we get the nox server to show up in the client? ò_ô Currently trying to trade you to Connecticut Topballerz but they don't think you're talented enough to get playing time. Thinking about stemming and lemmatization... RT : i think we're pro change right now, but what we're looking at down the road is really systemic change will u plz fallow me its my birthday and it wauld make my day plz jhon cena:) glad to hear you are back to your fiery self! Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug. Take the day off tomorrow. You'll want to watch Episode 1 of "Terrible People" over and over. check out , blend into the landscape I'm hungry. Oh and HAPPY BIRTHDAY You made it. Workin' up a meat sweat RT : isn't that a Prince song? Erotic Bacon? Prom they should play "First Dance" PERFECT <3 right?! Haha Sometimes I wonder why folks react 2 things the way they do. You didn't know I'm #WINNING #BLESSED #HIGHLYFAVORED?!; Get it together folks! Thanks for the follow! Let's get em tonight UK... It's when I spend two hours reviewing unexpected student drafts at 8 PM that I'm most glad I'm not taking exams in a week. I got that touch I love my best friend in every way possible! That girl is one crazy mother fucker. we're going at 330, so walk down here whenever A monumental day here for CIM UX Research! The president of CIM was a pilot for an upcoming study and wants more! Loving every moment :-) U.S. Institutional Plan Sponsors Had Positive Start to 2012, according to Northern Trust Universe Data We have to help kids connect the dots. School is about content without connection-kids can't see the meaning. If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this Interested in going back to school to become an architect, landscape architect, or planner? April 30 is Harvard's Career Discovery deadline… I wonder how someone would react if I sent them mad one letter texts!! I'm gonna try it <U+0001F602> I've heard - and I don't know if this is true - that here are places where, in May, it's 70 and sunny I thought she could live forever. RIP Jean Craighead George. She IS the mountain. Ughh. Someone needs to come over and sleep with me oh no!! Feel better!! Peeps were bemoaning this grammar faux pas today @ work too. So don't even get me started on "boughten" ::shudder:: dont doubt it for a minute. Keep it up and next year will be the time of our lives My house is full of loud, annoying middle school girls. you got my back bro? Thanks for getting your banners! Stop being so damn dramatic, queen. #NP Higher- :] This somg never gets old! yea man, to touch another life is why i do this. im happy we could help you through. who cares silent night is just freakin beautiful. Love that vanity. I have never seen one like it. He is attractive. job change fear #2: I won't find something I am good at - what if I hate the new job? RT : "Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours" That awkward moment when a fat person has their shirt off... You have to go! It's a special little place. RT - Albert Young is apparently on his way to joining the Jacksonville Jaguars, per his twitter this morning. Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time. I think we kicked Bullshit's ass... is everything ok over there? Expats, by Chris Pavone. spy thriller taking place in Luxembourg, not my usual thing, but I lived in Lux in college! what's the right lane for? What a great day! I mean, the sun was one thing but everyone who came in was so HAPPY! Cupcakes + sunshine = love.... In 5-10 years those guys will charge top dollar for their services. Fly For Free This sweet deal just in from our partner Alaska Airlines! Apply for the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature card and receive upon a… FINALLY.... I can see my Home Feed! Eureka! Free Wine tasting on Thursday 4-6 PM! Raffles for Gift cards and bottles on wine. Complimentary hor dorves and cheeses! FUN FUN mean to hhurt myself its just the way my body reacts even on medication it still reacts the same way LOL It's not exactly what you think...check it out and let me know what you think. Yo and I ran those BP tables last night lol Yeah a little jealous of everyone that got their #Coachella shit today. Not gonna lie. that SUCKS! RT You know when u hear a friend repeat something u said, but mess it up completely? Now imagine a billion people doing it. What are the top songs on your recently played list? When bitch's lips be hella crusty > Tsoukalos has awesome hair! Man, this show needs more press...enlighten some closed minds. Epic stuff that makes sense! omg really??! Woohoo ! :D Thrilled that I received an invite to use the product for my team. Best looking collaborative task management I've seen in a while. ill refollow you right now sweetheart:) Big thanks to my boy for the TOTD. Thank you my good man My son posed the question of the day? Darth Vader and Iron man versus Spiderman and Mr. Incredible. Who wins? That's how I roll. It's funny how people end up somewhere that you started out at you are so sweet to think of me : ) I'm actually interning w/ Oregon Public Radio this summer. we need to catchup! smh. RT Job Seeker Uses The "C" Word in Cover Letter. Yes, it's the one you're thinking of —> bit.ly/xgPe8A don't be silly, we don't start scaring you about sharks til June. My last paper is finally submitted and I am officially on summer vaca!! I love how sings dick in your face on come on a cone... You're not part of the family, so stop butting in! I didn't ask for your opinion, and I don't care to hear your criticism! I like your style! ;) We all fall prey. Forgive yourself. RT : Whoops! Just opened it and have plenty to do today! Great site! God is God, and God is good. It's difficult to seek other people's love. It's deadly. This is the prison we create for ourselves as we seek what we already have. hello everyone :D U Steady Destroying What We Trying 2 Build yes it is Texting. Pictures. Chillin. Dinner. She's unsure. movie. Caressin' , she's into it. I'm unsure. Clinger. Annoyed . She needs it . Ignoring.. I wanted that shirt! Unfair! Your dad better have used those Constitution Cntr tix...although I do love my pizza stone Holy hunger games i'm not pk The #NYR are a deep, young team but the #Caps weren't a typical 7th seed Kanye this Saturday at VEVO Power Station in Austin. We got tix and skip the line passes! Follow and RT to win! If I die tomorrow someone please feed the sex slaves I have chained up in the basement. no my brothers do I'm gonna start the kickboxing classes up there though! safe travels hope to catch up next week! I will be hanging around with Premature Evaluation: Japandroids Celebration Rock - Stereogum Been a while, def time for a night tonight o as of right now? I fell off twitter since the app updated for not eating bao today? #bieberconda... Oh yes. 6-1!!! Someone get Cuba their sleeping blanket. girls are really born to be complicated.And the funny thing about it is that, boys are born to love complications. Nicely written. Totally agree. The rest of my life starts in 2 weeks!!! #KILLEDtheinterview #whoop !!!!! I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in #Vegas... just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!! It's SNOWING..... #UniversityMontana or #MontanaState? Seems like #skibum factor may be biggest difference so far Nice! Send pic please. Play me..? Naaa...! You got another thing coming oh no! Sadness very interested! Thanks for the tweet! David Justvig puts in goal number 5 of the day. On man up goal. Spartans pick up the tempo. Score 10-7 5:26 left Flat bike tire less than a mile from home. Hoofin' it and will change where it's warm. A perfect end to #viadoom! good night den Thanks for the RT. BTW, our research shows Productivity n Innovation as top strategies to achieve revenue growth. On the Waterfront! ack. meant to say famous gear...hope yr well! eww...cannot do sour cream at all, ha! Moe just took a nigga to da chicken joint I snacthed up a 6 piece congrats bro see you when you get back in town Yup! There's nothing better than the big apple! It's the city of hopes & dreams! Just got to love it! XD Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me - whats wrong with DC I love you're my inspiration please follow me on twitter please please i love you<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Movie time hope its not a crier cuz I'm swearing..usully from hurting myself hahaha okay :D i've been really good. and you? you must be so proud of yourself, a redneck from NY your smart Sniff, sniff... it's been so long:(! If I knew what a hashtag was, I'd offer one . . . well guess I'm going to go lay down and watch Viva La Bam since that sexy ass won't reply or follow me:) lol great minds... Friday is finally here ! Wishing everyone a very happy & peaceful holiday season! where exactly are you? Tried to join but we couldn't find you That Would Be A Good Idea! LOL x Prediction: Santorum will win the Kentucky primary May 22nd. The headline "Santorum takes KY" and we'll all have a good chuckle. Wonder when they will change the name from "Baker Acted" to "Allen West Acted"?.,. Alas, I live in America, where even vile hate speech like "Let's go, Buffalo!" is protected by the Constitution. It was my choice. I'm sorry. It's just something I don't want to go through again, both of us are smiling with out each other. We are fine. Your worst moment today should be an #improvement over your best moment a year ago. What are you doing to make that #reality? SeanLetwat In one of the longest meetings every....why am I here!!!! Lol This may sound like a brutal statement, but I don't believe in lying to my fares unless it involves a really big tip. Earth is full. Go home. why the dude who talking on wrestling remind me of the spainsh mouse on loony toon thank you! :) #Follow #Facebook #Redskins #NFL #FF Cowboys trash talking, Support Redskins on Facebook! www.facebook.com/redskinfans RT I will drink regardless. The volume and ferocity of my drinking will depend on their performance. I had to turn down a fascinating case today because of a conflict of interest. Backstage tonight and Joel Coen was there. We said hi to each other. Pretty cool. LMFAO, um... You Bug! but we are. Just a little further. And now when you visit, there's beach involved. thats what's up! Same to you bro!! Ring dings and patron Downsizing my shoe collection. Good bye, unworn lovelies! :( “: When we getting #Benihana ? ” lemme guess, you got your birthday email? Let's go whenever, your call. Bitch, all of a sudden getting a squeaky voice and being "cute" in front of a guy doesn't make you cool.. it makes you a try hard. ....false. my whole family does and i use them when i'm at home and that still has not convinced me otherwise. But I thought we had the most stable place in the world to invest...per someone's speech last night. Just when I thought you couldn't hurt me again... I was wrong bro The news is that Derrick Jenkins is now a DOCTOR! I know he was working his butt off with that dissertation and I'm proud oh him!!!! Word of advice: Follow your passion & always do what you feel is right for you. Are you looking to clean your Marble floors? Visit our web site to learn about marble cleaning, repairing and polishing your Marble floors. Just finished speaking at the NAFA Technical Seminar on Integrating Social Media in Your Marketing and Customer Relations Effort. Don't know but I find the NYPL or other public libraries may provide that though specific channel delivery. Got it! Thanks, guys. Where do you vacation in the summer? We are looking to expand our operations... thx for following my #twitter page nice those #85.000 followers. She's even Jolie-ing that leg a little back there! ;) Hi Matthew, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand client's campaigns Follow 2 DM? Hahahahahahahahahahahahaa dying omg Ones or fives, possibly. At odd times even tens. But not hundreds. Never fail...you look like shit, you will see the one person you don't want to see. Nova Baby telling me would've been better. Did you know that if the city council passes their medical cannabis ordinance as written it would close down ALL collectives in SD ASAP?!? #IWishTheyWouldBringBack Boy Meets World. Best show ever. Sorry I am late! Hello laying on the couch typing this paper sick as eff wbu? Prolly passed josh but #WaysToMakeMeHappy if u see me smiling u doin sumtn Biden tours the Basilica of Guadalupe in MX. Sen McCain did the same in 2008. Is this becoming a new election-time ritual for US politicos? I know. I hate scalpers. I hate ticketmaster too! RT : It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go. ~ Jim Rohn... I'm trying to find the will to get up and row as I've done most mornings for the past 18 years. My want of resolve today is troubling. What time is rally tomorrow? and myself thinking about attending. That sounds delicious! Are you and the fam out enjoying this gorgeous day!? I love you sm your beautiful Agree. Just felt protagonist in MIDDLESEX was stronger and more complex than the ones in TMP. Have you made your calls yet? text me! Yeah, I gots work to do. Gotta go do promotion for my last 3 shows! awww my 2nd fav from #disney!!! after #littlemermaid ;D RT : Lion king movie time! This movie always makes me cry! Tear, tear Went in for a $30.00 oil change and walked out with $640.00 in service and repairs. *sigh* I hate cars... i need a trainer for a few things anyone know a good trainer hit me up let me know. Acid forming foods such as dairy, wheat, tomatoes, strawberries and citrus can be an irritant to certain skin conditions. One must enjoy the game while playing, if a tester likes a game it doesnt mean that all people might like it you golf? Loiter Squad <3 ... I LIIIIKEE CHEESE.!!!!!! We've also got a book signing with Robert Santelli, he'll be in the Exhibit Hall at 4pm with his new book This Land Is Your Land. HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY ! SMILE ! ha! ha ! and obviously check out all important monuments. But definitely grab some food at Nandos. awww that sucks! I could use some advice.. and a lot more fist kicked butt ! officially a fan lol How's the economy in your world tonight? Give us a call: 317-736-0950 Good morning twitterverse! Thank Almighty God for another day to help and be a blessing to others! So awesome! LOVE. Colors greatly affect i hope he does! :) im lookin for ya!!! shuda came to brunch Zoom by Istvan Banyai: Get closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...closer... totally hear you on that, man. :0\ Good morning <U+0001F60A> Another RWr reply from "In the Bubble" 'Im Not' !! Really?? good morning sweetie happy mother day I hope you have a great day 9am-3pm. Have a great music concert. I am hoping to make it down there. Seriously exhausted... Ugh Check out Metro Market in ! Best grocery store around! And GREAT game last night! RT : It's all ball bearings these days. N I'm playing the Drug Dealer...so say "HELLO" to the bad guy..... that source is in New England now I don't care for this Rick Santorum. is that PPV? if not, you can request the bar show it, it's usually on sports. that didn't last long YES. oh, and BRAAAAIIIIIINNNNSSSSS ok first tell JC hi. 2nd I swear we are all mixed up in sports. Softball? Or is downtown archery a sponsor? i realyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again. meeting you was the best day in the world #codyjakeustream #goldcoastfinest I LOVE YOU *Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Life. Everyday I read in the media such mean things about Why be unnecessarily malicious to someone you dont know? #Sharelove guys Tomorrow I'll be in Texas. I am SO ready to get out of here for the weekend!!!! OH I CAN SEE YOU ERRDAY NEXT YEAR! bus-wise. I figured out this route and I get out at 2:20 :P I had to take my car to the shop this morning. I left at 730ish. Ugh No.ick, really great vocals and guitar work,no?? just followed back some followers :) I miss twitter Facebook changed their privacy policy again... be careful! Desperately seeking Susan.... I mean, ahem UX - UI designers in DC! hit me up! slack shall be cut... for now ;) hehe Just a boy and his dog named Monkey. I just asked about u . it's official! In June I will be Special Collections/Archives Librarian at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX!! why did they suspend you? LEMME ASK, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT FAT CATS NOW! but strippers are better (; *me&you yoville strippers* LOLOLOLomg Lousy #smarch weather ah he should've said something! Go Pacers! And I'm gonna go home now, k? haha those were next on my list! although bowling i could do in my spare time for extra cash and to create a name for myself With a possible "double dip"recession around the corner, now's the time for a real jobs program! Rebuild roads &bridges, boost green energy! My phone didn't ring much today wow that stadium is a bit much. Fish tanks? Really? Nope, Django. did the heavy lifting. Love it – between that and Rails I couldn't bear to go back to PHP/Wordpress now This stomach growling tho....I need food!!!! Making a new attempt at keeping up with this social media stuff Happy Thanksgiving! Enjoy! Oh, Game of Thrones...why do you have to keep me up until the late hours of the night? Whilrlyball? While I was home alone & nearly choked on Brussel sprout. Need to teach cletedog Heimlich. Or how to order pizza. s/o to my new follower Oh. I'm not really sure what that means. But ok. q: Only 10 days left until and ’s #IntheArtoftheCity event at the gorgeous My birt6hday party last night was amazing!!!! I have great friends!!!! xoxo some people cannot accept he is for real. The more Tebow is underestimated, the more he thrives! Looking to see some more life from the #Browns today on both sides of the ball. The match-up favors them, so just have to execute You know your cousin may be a huge ass, but that won't change my opinion of you. this world needs to kno !! Topics for today: the atomic bomb, the green revolution and the Alaskan highway. Ah! the miracles of science. This is music to our ears! 50% of the teachers who responded to our survey say they are saving over 2 hours a week because of LiveSchool. I just want today and tomorrow to fly by so i can have my weekend with mike. #cisummit most of the $gains by an average fam in last 10yrs has been eaten up by health care costs Today I worked with a little boy with #Autism that could not see the difference between the colors black and white. Any suggestions? PBTC's "Pay What You Can" night is tonight! If you've been yearning for some culture but are short on cash, see our one-act plays! :) I miss my bestfriend from my old neighborhood ! I hope me && him get to hang out today!! HELP, Still on the quest to fight a foundation that does not look pink/red/ orange on me in the sun FYI I have gold/brown undertones ideas?? Come see me tonight 4pm #FREE #Wine Tasting 1441 E Russell Milwaukee! I'd LOVE that! A site like arts-humanities.net as a case study? (ie, a case study of a directory of things?) Badgers got Danny O'Brien from Maryland, 2nd transfer QB from the ACC in 2 years. Yesterday, they had only 2 healthy QBs. CITIZENS: Peace, ho! let us hear him. I'm sure it's a reflection of my "immaturity" but i HATE when a larger entity tells me what to do...I almost always tell them I haven't found a good use for it yet, but maybe I'm not their target demo? Its raining but is bringing greece to the red carpet!Goddess inspired hair,asymmetrical dress,&clean makeup w/ lashes that pop Told the $100 Tommy Bolt story to a co-worker. Happy Easter from the txt4health team! For free diet & exercise tips, text HEALTH to 300400. can't figure out what i'm more in love with--pita chips or screaming females Does anyone like sending cards? I'm giving away a gift account to anyone who wants them. it is either the RIGHT time or the WRONG time to raise the sales tax... there are no other options... Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved! LOL,Soon,I will get there.Dr. sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh House of Lies, Shameless & Spartacus:Vengeance - just started getting into them this season & hooked! just leave officially 29 today. WHAT. thanks for allowing us to be a part of the festivities. A great time was had by all.... Did this nigga really say that... Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23! Get on my GUESTLIST for ibiza free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627 Thanks so much-- just trying to meet new friends! So #crunchies is kind of a zoo! Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance. Uh oh, Brandon Jennings is trending on twitter....I for see his future in Milwaukee to be shorter. The session is kicking off now with a tasty version of Green Dolphin Street - come join us until 9:30pm! Macbeth essay = 6 pages, 7 paragraphs and around 1700 words. Watch my teacher give me a 'F' Andy beat Aaron Rodgers butt and now controls the Championship belt #shawfacts @ csnchicago Amanda's funny! It is actually to help us name one of our wines I just want it to be Friday already! yea, I know. Shut up. Windows Automatic Updates think they're more important than 9th - 18th century manuscript fragments. Wow!!!!! Just made #1 on the APD Global Radio Charts with the song, "NO BEER HERE" On the top 50 albums, I'm coming in at : How to get a job working for The Man Paul George looks Dominican Our top tweeters this week! Major discounts on diamond & gemstone jewelry at Whitehall's going out of biz sale. Items under $100. RIP Clare Fischer. An inspiration to me beyond words. anyone else pissed off about annie and liam last night RT : Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with Sprinkles! The first 50 people to whisper “cinco” at each Sprinkles receive a #free choco loco! It's that time again. When you realize you aren't needed as much as you used to be <<<< Thanks for sharing! We're looking forward to your updates! Going through old files. Just found trove of floppy discs labeled "Save--Important" & file names I can't recall. Can't even look at them. nose???? I thought she had a crusty booger on her. Face!!! You seem distraught lol. HAPPY MOTHERSDAY MICHELE :) you & austin deserve just the best <3 have a wounderful day :) thank you, captain oblivious [to sarcasm] Great to meet passionate educators like you! MT : Attended this great conf! Looking 4ward to collab. w/ some great people! Watching The Vow<U+E034> Follow , he is truley amazing. (: unfortunately yes. New favorite song 3:45 a.m. dance part to Destiny's Child "Survivor". So there's that. My pleasure! Need to stay focused today...can't get distracted by, oh look a new Tweet! :) #TimbersFC Wanted: Left & Right Backs + Decent service to Kris Boyd. i miss you <3 “: A 16-year-old boy died after masturbating 42 times without stopping in Rubiato town, in Goiás region, Brazil.” monks bro? Though, I completely forgot about the 'Canes. My apologies. Weather forecast will be too... rain. MT - "Family Night" details for 2012 season revealed tomorrow morning. Jay and kayne got a lot hits, long list Search for hashtag #DigiMe to get panelists' tips ... What suggestions are you hearing for revamping your LinkedIn profile? R.I.P. Maurice Sendak I'm so loving 2k12 rite now cuz is going hard this year we taking over MB takeover baby <3 luv u ROC Another round of buyouts at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. It's been two years since I left the paper in the last round. rofl you facists need laser weapons to disperse crowds? Get a grip with reality and lay off the paranoia Kool aid good morning world, I'm up and ready to have my kinda fun today! This game has to happen at Mean Girls night ah so THAT'S why everyone loves me. Why didn't I see it before?! Thanks Major. yep :/ but oh well what new??!! Apr 15,1942: Brooke: "I discovered that Marshall had not studied any of the strategic implications of a cross-Channel operation." Gospel Artist of the year- Bro George Wow, what an asshole... totally DONE! Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. - Elvis Presley Kyle what's good Im just now hittin you back...my bad! Faux News celebrity guest for the White House Correspondents Dinner - Lindsay ... - Democratic Underground how was the reunion show? :) Okay, maybe I lied... :x It makes me sad when ppl still don't understand it's not abt the tools, but your goals & how you use the tools to achieve those goals agenda for today: enjoy 60 degree day in March...see how far I can run and then enjoy some grilling...happy spring forward day "This is your life, are you who you want to be?" - This Is Your Life by <U+2665> what is your favorite band?? Stop complaining about boys playing you. If you don't respect yourself, how can you expect boys to respect you? I think more people need to read Paul Krugman. He helps me get the economy. "After all these years.. I finally see what's real, Love turned into Hate & Hate turned into Fear" -#ImOnTop & I like the view from here!!! Iowa for a few days. Oxy Mo: Volunteer Job I have a shirt here for you! I sent you an email to get an address so I can send it to you with a note to express my gratitude hey love can u please follow me?!? Almost home for spring break - 20 more min on this awful train until I can enjoy a much anticipated crabcake and ! Save time and money. We can come right to your home or office and change your oil or do auto repair in the okc area. Why do bands that make purposefully beautiful music wear purposefully ugly clothes? SHOULD BE IN BAROQUE BALLGOWNS Hug someone today. Get ready for mad hugs at Have stds sense the classroom as a 3D space - physically calculate the surface area and vol - cool Math - be surround with your teaching. i would literally be perfect on impractical jokers. Dear squirrels frolicking on my roof: I'm workin' here! Knock it off, rodents! If you bought an ARVR shirt in the past post up fan pics! We'll add them to our page! enough, and it's impossible to have a conversation on here or really follow a discussion. except those goofy #s. i think i'm over it... RT : amigos, , Pub Night:Speed Pitching is TONIGHT! FLF teams & #uwbpc12 are invited to the mix. Among my faves are Tina Fey, Michelle Williams, Glenn Close...Guys have been boring. Lots of mustaches though. Most welcome. Interesting read. Hmm, just learned a probably newbie trick - don't click on Twitter links to you from "people" you don't know. Spam!! All beers have heads; only ours have brains' I get mad so easily now . who are you again? In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;) Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart got it! Thank you to EVERYONE from #TheVoice for ruining it for the weat coast. Congrats, but next time, let us watch it to find out, not look here. So sorry, Friends...my account has been hacked. I have reported it. Thanks for informing me. retainers? I always get nervous I'll forget them RT is My Brotha! is The Fam! to the peeps, don't worry bout why I'm not there! I'm there in spirit! I don't find screaming at the top of your lungs into mic talent...at all. It's stupid. If you don't have a mind of your own, your scared to be yourself. Copper Roof Deli is my new ish...Forget MR.V's Keep laying those bricks and build a strong body of work. superfine superfine Close your legs. Your snatch smells. Is it just me, or does the functionality (or lack of ) of LinkedIn drive you crazy. so many thingz on my mind ...dreams...doubts...regrets Just worshipping this morning with and Good question. But if Dr. had participatory plan in place, pt could already be prepared for the news. Nice! Traveling...fun times :) I'm so use to loosing the people I care about and love. It's all I know so I guess that's why I am the way I am. Thank you to friends and long-time San Diego Fine Art Society supporters Pierre Huguet and Fei Zhou for your generous gift to Art Pulse! Birth Cannon Blowout A Time to Act Do not worry about whether or not the sun will rise. Be prepared to enjoy it. I'm dying to see Wicked again After helping a neighbor who had a seizure of some kind off the floor yesterday, I almost had a heart attack. I hope it won't happen again! I want you to be my 1000 friend on Facebook! Will ya?!? My dog wanted to play & went after my nuts. Defended myself with a karate chop but missed and hit myself in the balls! Dog’s laughing at me. Believe it or not my dads the one who gave up everything and changed his ways for me. Thanks and for the yummies! Tim, your review will be the first I read once I finish my own tonight! Getting ready to watch the new HBO documentary Hanging w/ fab chicks #smgirlfriends at Nics the list goes on..... <U+200E>"If you want work well done, select a busy man, the other kind has no time." I am so excited Sucks when you bring your hand up to fix your glasses but you're not wearing your glasses. Proof that you're an idiot and a poke in the eye. ": Social media is about engagement: Choose platforms that support your story & tie them together - #PRSADIconf" Cool...R u coming 2 my party after the club !!!???? Happy Friday everyone!! I unlocked The Avengers Opening Weekend sticker by taping the ticket stub to my wall, with the rest of the collection. (Oh hai, Red Tails.) Going beast mode on this Italian hw 9 pages down Thanks lol RT : Back stage met the band they were hilarious! Lmao jokes jokes jokes my night was the bomb RT : My dearest Happy Hour App, I love you like daddy loves mommy after 2 bottles of red wine. <3 u, KRGN That of course goes to contest hopefuls. www.reverbnation.com/troothandthechampagnegang check out the music hot shit meaningful lyrics...... If you LOVE Food then you must partake in the hashtag #foodiechat on Mondays at 7 pm CST. We love when members visit--you won't be disappointed with the awesome work of & Haha. I'm not usually up this 'late'. thats what i was waiting for, thanks if you can tweet pics from the Matchbox Twenty show tonight it would be greatly appreciated A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners. Seneca btw, I hope you have an excellent day today, tink The fact that #stopkony is trending right next to #youowemehead really exemplifies the world we live in. RT : What's your late night go-to restaurant? LOVE the cover Miranda! You are one GORGEOUS woman! Hope for Women Magazine would like to connect with you too!:) Use Promo Code: fb8nov for today's $5 Off any large pizza online Man some people have creepy Twitter pictures. I'm in NYC or we would be going since your spending so long in Daytona. You ready to come back in July? Thank the universe for your amazing life! No one gets me like you when you kiss me,<3 Why didn't the iPhone guy make water proof phones!!!!! :O i so would've bought one!! The only words that ever satisfied me as describing Nature are the terms used in fairy books, charm, spell, enchantment. They ex I enjoyed our phone conversation. I guess we're getting back to where we used to be. Good. Let it stay that way. I miss how things were. If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah I don't have one! Todds&Tiaras always cheers me up :) whoa. I forgot you were Bill is a GREAT guy! That's a nice connection! absolutely! Would love to! Things will change. I'm sick of being ran over for some stupid random bitches. I'm done with all the shit. HH tonight with Ms. and Ms. at ! See you soon Girlies :) haha yeah I have a hobo named flask and he's loaded! thanks Al!! ok coo doing it now you best friend back from time to time #ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men acting like they know u, cause u JUST accepted their FRIEND REQUEST, they went thru ur ALBUM & BAM "Hey Babe!" Habitat for Humanity meeting tonight, 7PM at Grace United Methodist Church... If you're feeling that daily 4pm slump, you might be dehydrated... be sure to drink lots of water throughout the day to always feel good! Finally found my neck pillow!! It was under my running shorts??? Good Luck #Phils, first spring training game today. If you are down in #Clearwater look for the #Philly invades #Florida! Some people are in your life for the time being and others are there for a life time >>>> either way life goes on ... I always thought it would be coaching that would kill #JoePa. Apparently, that's what kept him alive. good morning! New Headphones Comming In This Week...Ultrasone DJ-1... Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon! whenever you put this <U+0001F47D><--- I say E.T. Remember? Lol Black film of the day "The Reading Room." This is a really good movie, I highly recommend it :-) Is it time for #Community yet? just got home from school No worries, I'm eating cookie dough instead! I rode my bike across America this summer for Thanks for mentioning this great cause this morning! “: That awkward moment when you get crumbs in your bra.”omg, this just happened to me! Rhythm-and-blues singer Ralph Tresvant (New Edition) is 44. Actor David Boreanaz is 43. Political correspondent Tucker Carlson is 43. RT : Empowerment & Eggs has ended, but the conversation is still going. Join us with Why do hospitals refer to even calling it the Emergency Room... It is a room all right not social? You will be after the EMERGENCY. 5+ hours Tell a girl she’s pretty, and she won’t believe you. Tell her she’s ugly and she will believe it forever. really?? Doesn't sound too yummy at all girl: that is the worst. too. many. hours. they don't pay you enough for that bullshit. Brad Peyton doesn't exactly strike me as a step in the right direction, but I hope I'm proven wrong about that. it was no recording dude it was me he never sayed that in a recording on what i said We are ALL liking the Bulls -2.5 for Sunday! stop by the AD store this week, we'll hook u up with some Johnny D Stacks Guess what movie I'm seeing and I'll give you free tickets to a show. One person wins! Go! RIGHT?! sometimes it so redic how much time i spend on them Obama just passed by. Missed the photo opp. Arrgh!! FINALLY HOME I'm gonna really need people in my neighborhood to stop with the fireworks now!! There's a drought you idiots!! Way to represent the Evergreen State!! Will stop by later on! I'm ready for anything now Somebody told me. I think I need a warmer climate. I'm a Tally native, here in LA. Happy to see you keeping up the good fight. CU Thurs, 4/26 on Crenshaw! They need to pay some room & board-I've heard 2 many horror stories where kids take full advantage... How did you have your healthy chocolate today? If your over 65 you shouldn't be driving. Justsaying lol...i saw that earlier. Is live coverage going to cut out once the game starts? That was the problem with 550 #camnewton falls short on Madden cover! Still great to be 1 of final two.. Plus there's that curse thing! gonna have to flake out on this one, see you guys next week! Oh No! Now I've got Kris Katan and Will Ferrell in my head. What is Love? Last day of camp.. :'( thanks to all who helped us out this year!! I'm a cautionary tale for your children. Need a game developer company.. remember when you put away the dirty dishes? ok.... I give u that! Hey, u feeling better? What's up yall??; #ChangedMyLife #amazing all love for my lil cuz....love u bro...keep up the good work..we gon make it!!! car died while moving out, good thing there was a hot guy to jump it Giving up the blackberry today but stuck with T-mobile so I can't get an iphone :( what's the best droid? Enjoying the tweets from Quebec! Still figuring out how to connect the bits -- Twitter to Facebook, etc. his loss. Changing it up as robert and me as brandyn w my cool as spelling okay I'll get them! To all a Merry Christmas A stripper texted me asking me what I'm grinding this summer.... It's so easy. but guess what Wagering with on how long before #Timbers fans have a full scale melt-down. bareback grammar! Many are expressing their disappointment with the #iPhone4S Could Apple be in trouble with this 1? Will they release the iPhone5 in a year? Are you going to do a Christmas Video for Youtube? Reverse tea bag. #ListOfTurnOns YOUR FACE Yes - that's what I've got down! See you then :) uhm - yay ferru but oh dear delpo. :( don't like when favs play each other... Can't we all just go out beers? Yes - am BAD competitor. RT : The longer you wait to begin living, the less living you have to live. Bille Baty. #spelling police Stoked to finally play with our boys in Visions again this weekend! Appreciate that, Shawn. You set the bar, though, encouraging us to think and lead differently. Thank you. thanks! 2 lights...open octa and soft fill. It's all about the ratios! Girl with Jason Mraz shirt. Guess I'm truly getting old. Lmbo! To funny Mel (I try) RT :... and my oh my! has the best falsetto voice I've heard in a while! Lol! DJin a private gig in San Luis obispo! Have a good Saturday! Yep (like most things)! Guess you can tell I'm not a season ticket holder, huh? ;) HAHAAHAAHAH step dad was peeking out the door of the garage, looked at me and said "whassuppp nigga" and closed the door Yes, anytime! I try to run at the gym on Tuesdays but if you ever want to hit an outdoor track, I've been wanting to! Quote of the day: "Something badass...I don't know, like REO Speedwagon or something" *kisses back* what city? personally, i'm not as concerned with lebron not winning a championship as i am with his general ineffectiveness late in games Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy? What the fuck is you thinkin' man? - Stringer Make sure to email us if you would like to get on our listerv! This has been a long but good weekend! Having a very lively happy hour this evening at #Workspring! #HowManyPeople actually read half the tweets that they receive from the live streem? not that I know of. #csa12 seems to be unoccupied. We can tweet using that. Does Joe Flacco scream Bernie Kosar or is it just me? Ravens...GO GET MANNING!!! Yay! I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it! UPDATE ROCK THE INK ABQ WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO AT THE LUJAN COMPLEX OCT 14-16. HOST HOTEL IS BARCELONA SUITES. BE THERE OR BE SQUARE Excellent question! Dear FB & Twitter, "You take a lot out of me, I'm very tired!" Sincerely: Father Time (an internet user) Tiago is looking great. This is the playing time he's needed. Novak isn't looking too shabby either. Hey the oriels can suck it huh?? also, anyone know good hashtags to use for that last post? Women who dont take care of their kids shouldnt be able to celebrate Mothers Day! Happy to be in warm San Diego for #SEM21! Thank You everyone for following us. Stay tuned for our new website and media! really liked the mixcloud session from 4mo back. Great transitions. #tejadaislegend lol I thought you played DnB? heaven, dont think i didnt hear you and molly if thats your dogs name doing some stuff last night I think I broke my toe. There was tears. Ours too! I'm an interpretive planner for digital - it's a rare content breed ;) While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it. Thanks, Adam. Trying to get this for 6, but may have to wait until 10. what we have here is a aimple miscommunication lol.. N whats in June? Me, too! RT : Does tweeting your book every 60 seconds REALLY sell books? OP is curious. but I've got to find it. Because teeth ain't no joke. They impact your health a lot. Worth saving if you can. Just heard that Vaginas are "Rated E" for Everyone! Guess that's the green light? Ready, Set, Go! I've been following Rob since the whole "water into wine"thing. she heading home Thanks for the RT I think it's Charlotte Hornets Today I was having fun in lake and didn't care about how I look till my I saw my crush and his firend .well fun is over get out of water Slow down -j12 You've got to hear Mark Andrew Cleveland's aria in "Christ lag"... I woke up this morning curious about a few things...more specifically, what is Justin Bieber going to look like as a man? I thought you thought I was serious! D; It's about like abusive relationships or something. Hope this meeting at the clinic go by fast, got too much work to do smh Had a dream I was in The Hunger Games. Omg!!! ;(((( I'm so frustrated!! I think I may throw up! whats with the crappy avatar? it sucks donkey balls. unfollow. Rubio out for the season. Awful. i'm always gonna be a shorts, band tee, and chucks kind of girl. heels & skirts have never really been my thing. I hate this side of town dominating at the gym feels so damn good!! TX House staff expecting 500+ pages of amendments on SB 1811, probably needs to be dealt with before SB 1581 (w/guns-on-campus). RT : Sagittarius I love all yall! :-) < and again. Real recognize real... just stating facts you know. <U+0001F60C> you should have gotten him on the Rangers! Don't you have some pull? :) Why didn't you tell us, Alexander? Stick with us, save your pounds, and go digital on those flashcards. Lunch is calling you. Don't try to skip it. Must. Not. Resist. LMAO thank god! dem niggas weak I hear that, especially after last night. This place was an apocalypse of green clothes and slurred desires. ": Calling it a night xo" Totally Boy Band! Cool Aye! Well said. Better to make nothing than to make crap. Crap inhibits and delays the good stuff. Come grab a pair of Levis we still have some fair weather around for u to still rock a pair of 569 or 501!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! “: THIS IS SO FUN, LOL, PEOPLE JOIN ME.” Slept on the most comfortable bed last night Trying out SmartyTask. It looks like it has potential. Has anyone used it? Yes, but this semester is online only so I didn't have them campaign for your visit to Oak Creek... next fall! Thinking summertime soon... There's going to be some "crazy" tomorrow at , 1030 You have to come to see it yourself Ahh picnics this summer n the ville hmu I'll let you know when my instincts about someone end up being wrong. I don't even get followed by fake porn accounts anymore. Way to kill my self esteem, fake bitches. gets money gets paid Th for the follow. Love your broadcasts. Need to find my remote my teen "displaced." I'll get through this, somehow - with or without you! Thank you to my new followers: , , , , You all are great Americans! What's good people im back not giving up. were they blue? Oh well regardless my money on Granger Lebron is afraid to fight he don't have it in him Props to for taking the fight against squirrels to his backyard, hilarious talk. It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other Check in between 8pm and 4am on #foursquare to unlock #nye badge ( via ) cc: #3WordsForYou Never forget me. My Miami people gotta follow Great stuff. Real personable and a fun way to follow a baseball squad. Gotta love "some like it hot" on a good day indeed. that's when I wanted to go ! and uhm , if she wants to yeah I guess (: Agreed. you totally took the words right out of my mouth Is it really?I almost saw it but then went to the site. You have to admit that they're not helping there cause with the site. If you are coming to the Heartland Worship Institute....get your deposit in before the price goes up soon!! Life is sweet. Amazing food. Great music. Good scene. Heat vs Knicks is gonna be better than any other series yeah right Lmao sorry! We actually went to the basketball game since they bumped those games to the practice fields Happy birthday to the cheese stick swag master I can't wait to spend the entire weekend with my girls & I think they switched Call Of Duty with not Call Of Duty, Thanks for the follow, Terri! We're practically neighbors! do you have any details on Spring Fling? Is it just shops this year? I heard the beer garden/music was cancelled ... Let's hope there are no mentions of Pookie or house slippers in POTUS's remarks today. id get in trouble hey i got to go they're gonna give me painkillers n something to fall asleep ttyl love ya dnt forget me What are some of your favorite cuisines? Did that sound dismissive? I didn't mean for it to. Color options are something we hear from time to time, so there's a good chance. drinking starbucks, enjoying the sun in maxs ring If we reject our emotions we go to sleep and exist instead in the shadow of our own un-lived life. just got back from tulsa drillers game..great game..homer won the game 2 out 1 on base bottom of the 9th what's going on homie? to make Watson female is not cool. it feels like they hope they can maybe have a sort of romance between her && Sherlock. Jackie Gillan Pres, Advocates for #Highway & #Auto Safety will be speaking this year about #safety on #roads, a #major hot-button #issue! There is a ridiculous dance party going on in the pearl right now... Celebrate! Supposed to be studying, but on twitter. Fireworks @ Fort is walking distance from Comfort Inn. Hot breakfast, pool, 32" flat screen TV, pillow top beds. www.vancouverwahotel.com The first time I heard PJ, I thought it was The Cult. i just watched a video on how olive oil is bottled...it was a HEADLINE on the fresno abc station's site. HEADLINE. Frank Vogel takin the Pacers from an under 500. 8 seed last year to 20+ games over 500. And 5th best record more impressive use olive oil. You're making up words again, huh, "mom?" HA! =D check these guys out...they're so hot right now email me. . will arrange meeting Coach was mad at me though sushi, finally I almost died Blow your nose! Omg, that noise is annoying and nasty. We are only limited by our perception of what we can and cannot do. When you find that person who knows all your weakness and still thinks your amazing <U+E022> Prayers go out to and a speedy recovery! Nobody films music videos when its dark out. is having one of the most relevant conversations in the black community... People who work on Wall Street call it The Street-so it will sound gangster. Which is fitting due to call the crime that happens there. but then you'd have to ACTUALLY talk to someone. HEY DUDES! SEE YA WEDNESDAY MARCH 14TH! WE ARE ALL READY TO ROCK! My nights ruined THERE is No Loyalty Like a SCorPio's...... Real rida Shyt Whoa - Is actually showing their clothes on girls who are bigger than a size 2? It's about time (& wow, are they gorgeous!). Looking forward to seeing the gorgeous tonight at to benefit Come out and support a great cause! The joy of Joffrey getting slapped is overshadowed by heart attacks for Arya this episode thank you!..have a great day!! Well there goes $240. Thanks KU. Thanks doll! RT : Isn't it weird how people can go from talking everyday to not talking at all? Morning twitter!!! thats gotta feel good:-) Love the video that just featured at #tribecon! I will when I've got my hair & makeup done :) i want tweet with u!!!! Shower beer?? NFL suspends New Orleans Saints coaches, GM for 'bounties' on opponents In sweeping discipline that one analyst called "historic," New Or I am super spoiled. Nice day so far. Bet u I won't fail to get another iPhone case Again!!!!?! Lol!!!! Horrible! Saturday, June 18th #BeautifulDisaster "The Fashion Show" ft at welcome! Have an awesome weekend! Yes sir. I Love when i goto twitter and i have a couple new followers :D makes me feel SPECIAL c: We up n Ready!! Smash on the gas and don't let up!!! Tahoe in June here I come! Boating, rock diving, kayaking, mountain biking. Wet woodys special rum smoothies. it is a deep bright red if you bleach your hair enough and keep the color as long as you can. even u can keep it overnight. March madness....I still don't understand why the office basically shuts down to watch Memphis vs Cal St Northridge.... RT : rt and follow us for all your t-shirt, and advertising printing needs!!! We have added two more dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in New York “The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.” -Unknown Thanks to Guy Fieri for the shout out last night. Starting to scare me in #Brewers land.... love you bro,(: it's so fun lol RT :love guy who told a reporter frm atop median hes stuck on "Im used 2 driving in this" duh,right! #snowatl <-i saw that jagaloon u may need to smoke b4 u go to sleep lol .. i heard ppl sleep better afterward idk cuz i dnt smoke Thursday's good for me. I just got my work schedule today. is attending a meet/greet in the ward and then speaking at Northside DFA tonight. no shit the whole world thinks we r weird cuz u keep posting them! <U+0001F616> B.A.D. = BAD ASS DOOBIES mayne i went to stallions and got so drunk i went to rap and a bunch of whoopty whoo came out lmfao, .... wow. #WhatIMissMost coin operated pay phones. Gus Johnson is doing Madden 12...make sure you have the volume turned down before starting up the game. hahaha too true. Too bad it doesn't get out the wrinkles. how was ur day? Anyone have good photos of insect damage on archival collections? I could really use some illustrations for a presentation. If people can abuse greyhounds then panthers are soon to follow. I MISS YOU <333333333 Lol I wasn't calling you ugly. Today I am finally graduating with my Master's degree from Appalachian State University! Yippee! did you guys receive door hangers? woo! its really good, i'll help tweet it to him ;) Yes! I was just thinking how badly I need to listen to a new mix :) RFMK might want to do some bid sitting with this one... If you make it, say hi! The line can be pretty crazy to get in (when it's not a gay epic), but a 6:30 arrival is still smart. Who smokes cigarettes while pumping gas? Haven't you seen Zoolander? It's we who thank you! RT : Thanks 4 hosting our associates, glad we could offer resume tips today! you know iitttt! Haha i like the ring to it (; no i thought u were? Werent u in Austin Mahone 16th B-day Suprise video? tour dates next week dsfsdjfiosjfsd Charlie is not a fan of bully sticks... I couldn't believe it. In reading more closely, the acceptances are going out this week so hopefully you'll know soon. Good luck! today: brown bag lunch at DOI with the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Insular Areas Demand for tequila is growing fast. Americans now drink more of the stuff than Mexicans—120m litres a year. Love your new show, Chris! RT : We're here, we're bleary, get used to it. Its a Big Weekend for shoes... What is your Favorite ones coming out? The JS by Adidas or the Jordans or the Foams thx for following I told my sister she should take her own pillow but no, she'll just use mine. Oh, , are you really coming to Newton, MA?! Wouldn't need to spend on obesity prevention if we didn't subsidize industrial agriculture & car culture. okay justin im going out now, but i will be back in 2 hours and i hope you will be in my followers Great goal chara! Go #bruins! On my way to see and the rest of the Brew Crew in beast mode against the Dbacks! Just gave my teacher the worst evaluation ever It'll be another night of Jack & coke Thanks Maria. It's a beautiful weekend! Abrazos! haha. I'm pretty sure you conceded to the almighty swine earlier today, didn't you? tsk tsk If you're wondering why the economic recovery is so slow. It's because of #GeorgeWBush yes he fucked it up that much. When i build up my feelings, they come out the wrong way. held so much in mek ordered the chinese without me smh. Forever deleting girls on facebook who complain about how depressed they are and how nobody loves them. “: Control what you can.” Project juggling I'm finally heading back to La La Land from San Fran! Axelrod actually admitted that the Obama policies are meant to keep anyone from climbing the ladder of success as in getting wealthy Thanks for your delightful Pinterest boards. :) leaving work.... thanks girl! are you working on a new song? (: Positivity is the bridge that connects you to positive results ": God is good! Real good! So good that I can't start to tell you everything!" <-made me wanna shout. He is all that & more! I didn't get tickets:((I am crying now is anyone honestly under the impression that this past weekend was a first for faked injuries in the #NFL?? UGH...REALLY-U R SUCH A LOSER!!!! Nothing like coming into the office and being greeted with a bagel bar and bacon platter. Thx Sen. Scott Brown Criticized for Keeping Daughter on His Health Insurance Dear dude who's been trying to talk to me on the phone for a month, was supposed to call me today, and who flaked: WTF? RT : awe ekse! Even attacking on twitter? It's the anywhere show... WALKING BACK FROM THE LOOP TRY AND STOP ME But that once in a blue moon it's so nice when you're on the West Coast and can enjoy the games right after work! Someone please remind me why PCs still exist. i'm getting one too. which hopefully means? $10 growler fill (limit 1 per customer) & $3 pints on Hoptimum. We have 4 kegs to pour. Ima wear my Ortiz shirt week because ORTIZ PRIDE lol jk I hate that school, but I rather wear it than the normal shirts. Watch n' Learn - Rihanna<3 At in Plano... Wish they had one in Manhattan! rain, you menace! sun, y must you tease? wish you could've stayed longer... That's outrageous!! What info do you need from us? Happy donut day! plz tell me when the 2 asses r done in the ring! i never be on twitter, explains all of my unfollwers lol hii bebes*: OMG GIRL I CANT WAIT TO HANGOUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA. Dontari Poe has the greatest draft day hair ever It's raining... And I'm coolin' til these games start What the. : " Disco! Disco! " LOL at the fact that in Jordan there's a brand of chips called "Disco" :) I got my music up loud like aint no one asleep in my house . *shrugs* Missing my damn game Too early to talk favorites. Ask me after draw. one direction?;) I would love it! Laying down bumming it. Damn rain messed up the day Our CIO is talking about all the IT ppl leaving and how he doesnt want us to leave too good luck dude Three days? Up Having a glass of wine And Watching Breaking Dawn With My Baby because the Jonas brothers will catch you We are super excited to announce that twice Emmy nominated cinematographer Kevin Burke will be working with us on our promo video 6 acres atop the bluffs. Colonialist art collection. Triplet Aston Martins. Aviary. Talk about the hourglass economy. like my page... Please, IB bouncer. Let me in tonight. It's my last night. ": I love people who post every detail of their life on facebook, then get mad because people are 'in their business'." Everyone follow Russell has 11! I hate when ignorant ass people try to talk stats about players and then bring up Rings! Rings aren't individual You're being a good husband. Keep up the good work. lol TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers11 Gouda cheese tastes so much better with red grapes! cam on Thank you for following us! Watch for specials (like the 50% off deal we tweeted earlier today) to save big on dental care! I can't wait to be back in Columbus for the summer I am always lost: no 1 tells me anything ;-( I got something u need u to do for me! It's Rubie Tuesday! ! Time for two piercings for the price of one! Trying everyday they tweet! (: The world of the Internet of things: real word objects and locations connected to the Internet. hahaha! I know! Don't kill me ;) Just talked to a woman who left just before the storm hit...her home is standing. Her neighbor's houses are gone. Nuttiest NASCAR ever. Just say'n. what's up me.lady You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3+ I want them to be the opposite of me. NERDS...BOOKWORMS...ALL THAT..DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS..CHESS CLUB! Let's party tonight! Ill call you. “: where you been. I was at your crib the other day. #thepigisbackthough” thx to #ww tweets from and #ConfessionTime i miss talking to my mom every day 1930s newspapers devoted an awful lot of space to "Mr. And Mrs G Smith will return to Nyack on the Cunard April 13" Old-timey twitter! looking forward to seeing your studio. Will this affect my kid's chances in next year's Maury ES preschool lottery? :) okie! i totally forgot! If forever ended now, is this where you'd want to be? who said it wasn't a xmas present to begin with? I'll bring it over today <U+0001F60E> Dan Froomkin writes,Bush feels "he had a legitimate reason 2 invade Iraq, & that he had a legitimate reason 2 torture detainees. Dr Laura, thank you for one of the kindest posts I've ever received. You are a role model for helping others succeed. Ha! Unlikely...but not impossible!! They accidently left you off the most influential lawyers in the world list??? Yes, we noticed! It's just not right. ;o) you want me to proof read the paper? yes, its always hard to leave a place u love !! thank you neighbors that don't lock their wifi. I don't know what I'd do without you. Alex, just let me know. you might check w/ since they work a lot with musicians + health insurance, if that's an angle yr taking. Wow...what a hell of a game lol. #CELTICS NATION Camas, Evergreen, Vancouver and Washougal schools closed today. Raining in Portland. Working w/ Dir. Jonathan Silverstein, Great question 2 ask yourself for an audition 'What about the character is similar to you?" The Bellmen will be playing tonight at Cedar Street Courtyard for a chance to wina #SXSW show. Excited to hear his ideas for 2012, the year of the Gemeinhardt :)! I've done both. Totally recommend southern Spain/Barcelona. Scotland is pretty fabulous but I was disappointed in Ireland. I hate women because they always know where things are. ~Voltaire Lol my bf gone say icnnt tlkk to any boys watsoever I'm like yhu talk to lots of girls he qone say so wat.! How's tht fair.!?! Congrats to our rockstar of the week... ***NICOLE**** Thanks for all your hard work!!!! I'm so tired I meet this little girly her hair was kinda curly went to her house and bust her out foUr yoU I'd be interested in viewing this, I hope somebody with knowledge replies! heck ya! That's where it's at! i do too! have an awesome rest of your day Jake! Did you just stroke out? +2 RT : +1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!” sorry we got hacked. extra Wild Flag ticket? IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<U+0001F61A> "The 20th century was about sorting out supply... The 21st century will be about sorting out demand." #pbc12 via yep yep. Today is a new day! #chopped Oh Gawd. The chef that never stops talking is back... Anthropologie should open a store that caters to guys like me: Misanthropologie. Tweeting feels suspiciously like texting. IDK, my BFF Jill. "Nobody can go back & start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." The Dash Between The Years... no need to get greedy I would rather smoke Boosie boo is free yea zoo “: Is it bad that I still haven't taken the SAT or the ACT?” no bc u know youre getting lik a 32 on youre ACT Good day tweets! It is Friday! Yes! We need more days like today. Don't wait. The time will never be just right. Napoleon Hill Baby something bout you and i<333 Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson too busy to keep up sometimes! been in the classroom - wonderful~ Sickest mash-up dj out there! tweet me ACA opposers joined us in singing "America the Beautiful" If a dyslexic person is also cross eyed can they read perfectly?? Your eyes realized what your mind didn't see . That awkward moment when the person you’re talking about on your Facebook status likes that status. Some customers really are the nicest people. Work is going great today. is he still cool with me moving in? The avatar pic might be a low res image. 300 dpi is ideal for image quality. I know this because it's part of my profession. I got 600 some tweets . 400 of them are random taps. I'm a man. If anything was takin personal. That's on to naked shemi. I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out. I'm not saying you personally I'm saying that woman are just as bad as men when it comes to tube etiquette. So saddened by the death of one of my favorite musicians, MCA. The Beasties have been a favorite since the beginning. PBJ time? Happy #Friday! my back hurts wanna go to sleep but since i missed SCARED STRAIGHT today i have to wait till 2am to watch it (Im Tired). -Chelsea all day everyday and I appreciate ya! Much love For all those awesome Cincy Bands out there....Fountain Square is currently accepting submissions for consideration for the 2012 season. G.. "Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson Women have their faults. Men have only two. Everything they say. Everything they do. Hopefully my car is done tomorrow tho. I miss my dam mustang. I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!.. If Peyton Manning signs with Broncos do you want Tim Tebow? If he signs with Titans, would you want Matt Hasselbeck? Is Matt Flynn your QB? Hampton Inn im not trust me it's so nice out! I am so excited... I sold some more at my etsy.com shop, off to the post office to deliver. Yay!!! OMG, I agree with her rules EXCEPT the cat ... how dare she remove the family cat Tomorrow is the start of the live poker grind... Vegas here I come. Lets go defense thank u for that great effort in the 1st half Sorry, I meant smell like. what's hearts looking like? quit sack ridin bitch looking forward to seeing you next week! I think it cost more than a dollar a minute to talk on my brick cell phone. Probably cost a couple thousand dollars for the phone itself. how the heck do u get to all these ballpacks? Just watched the revival of south pacific on PBS. I'm such a geek lol yea but they dnt have to work there.....there mean ppl! Lol : don't you think 1/2 your potential customers are women? Why advertise with woman hater Rush Limbaugh? pull those ads. Nick(: Just wanted to say hi even though you won't see this through all your other tweets but here goes...Hii(: 3 things we are excited for 1. Tailgating with our BFFS 2. Seeing 3. Adding 3 points to our score board thanks for the hashtag Ha!! I don't play with it at all If you like cankles you should be watching the dog show.... haha - that's a song I haven't heard since 2001 or so :) hey u grew up in dg? “: good luck tonight baby cakes, your gonna kill it <U+E328>I will miss you tonight at dance! #DAB” thx girlie! Xoxo Wondering what it would take to get Ron Artest his own reality tv show Come on Crawford!!! Unbelievable Relocating to Albuquerque or the surrounding areas? I can help with any housing questions you may have. How can u not love the #Nuggets ? Through all that stuff for the birds #GeorgeKarl still has those boys ballin every night earning respect. Last day of the English season! One more game game ManCity an your champs after 44 years without one! Flying so high so high destination every where i gota finda a way to get where you r you r Yes! I think it went okay...I hope lol! How did your week turn out? If you are far from the enemy, make them believe you are near Thanks for the mention! Peace! Its 2012... When did race become an issue again? Especially with the gays? Great speaker! RT : Speaking to 270 CPA's @ FICPA'S health care conf in Orlando as the key note luncheon spkr. Should be fun! don't hate on comfort. sometimes you dont need to look good. If you like thinking about how technology influences museums influences people follow 2011.09.14 #Rockies 6 #Brewers 2 | at the game tonight / did not see a playoff team / offense M.I.A. Thank God for playoff hockey with no more college hockey. Don't know what I'd do with myself. Drinking Pu-er tea is a great way to eliminate free radicals, lower cholesterol & blood pressure & fight cancer! Need to know more? WI occupation worked because it was spontaneous, heartfelt and necessary, not planned. I know; I was there. In my opinion, #Adele had the best record, album, and song of the year. I love my 22 yr old stylist Ms Anastasia!, cant wait to rock those shoes and my afro Thursday at the bowery, FIT and raw talent goes far! I got a Lg turquoise left I think in women's. No more high hopes this is fantastic!! thanks for sharing it with us! That's what's up Make That Money Don't Let it Make you! somebody buy me a fuckin' louis vuitton belt. : Great seeing New Orleans coach Monty Williams on NBA TV. Such a genuine, likable guy. Very good young coach. Love his humility. Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!! I'll be at #SoSlam and can't wait. Look forward to catching up w/ I told her to do that thing I like and she fuckin did it How tragic, I think we were in love. Funny how things work out. Let's go men! the amount of agency French poststructuralist thought ascribes to language is just absurd. I'm ready for the death of the linguistic turn lmao liar you said you were goin to bed too! Congratulations!!! :D I need a coffee & a redbull! Thats why im glad i got REAL friends in my circle! impromptu writing date in 7 min? Sunday night, you’re just full of win aren’t you? Thank you sir. :) I put a tablespoon of Swiss Miss in my coffee this morning. Increased the yum factor by 10. My boss: Women shouldn't pull money out of their tits unless theyre gonna whip em out and shake em in my face. Right Isaac? Me: ...... I want some free stuff. This cold weather up north going into May is showing that "earthquake" is more than just an " " they trying to destroy the planet I'll bring the Loko! “: Throwing a party. Everyones invited” ": I want a guy who will see me in sweatpants , messy hair, and no makeup and he says, "wow you look beautiful."" hahahhah TWITCAM AGAIN! PLEASE!!! Agreed! was great! RT : so nice to finally put a face to a name. Hope to see you again on Monday. Hi! Have a good Thanksgiving? Events this week: Tue, Grad. Studies Committee. Fri, Capstone Posters; Research Colloquium; DHC kickball Chancelor Katehi might want to take a page out of paterno's book and start shielding her assets. Accident at the barbershop....it's that rain man. Just glad it wasn't ya boy! Why is there a miss america but not a mr. America, gosh darnit all Tuesday evening's show has been moved. Luis and Jennifer will rejoin you on Wednesday for another Tech in Twenty episode. Cheers! - thank you for following us and RT our Vilsack presser info! What is kamara doing I do get it. It's worth NOTHING at all so talk about something relevant. Something relevant. Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets. ESPN MIKE AND MIKE In Vegas bout to hit LAVO!! Just reached 500 followers! Ah that I didn't know, but I want to hit him in the face for that RT GLEEK!! Yes! This bus driver is like a cruise director. He tells us what's at each stop. Awesome! Yeah, put that guy to work. my whole iPad usage/experience relies heavily in #flipboard ... I love it. Desire without effort is just wasted ambition! The key to a great salad- salt and pepper. It's nice if you have kids, though--good playgrounds, schools, great public library. But otherwise, yes, it sucks. Better get suspended for that... you know me too well :) #nfais question asked about whether all comments being archived may make people hesitate to participate. wit yo Boston market face. :) you need to eat some pr food to gain weight! EVERYONE FOLLOW I found out all the girls that like girls live in Kendall lol. That's where they've been hiding <U+0001F60F> My father's a lawyer, his bro's a lawyer, both of my bros will be lawyers, 2 of my best friends are lawyers. I once worked @ a law school. Bad pass Lebron Freezing outside! But for a good cause! MS Walk 2012! Happy Birthday Luigi! From the USA! Have a great one! :) I liked the weather in San Francisco better, but very glad to be here. I don't love her awk cause i'm in the back of the bus... all cause I wanted to sit alone and be antisocial and listen to my music. Converting all my ALAC to 320kbps MP3's because of the size of the collection. I need a classic iPod. How can I help with PurpleStride? Tropicana peach orchard punch is the best juice on the planet are you coming to SFO? damn it! I missed my chance thank you :) - Good luck with the show! Will catch up with you later this week! RT “: Listening to talk about telling the real estate story via video. <3 ” [Thx! Hope you enjoy it] Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession - Portales News-Tribune Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession Portales Ne LOL! Hm.... ;P RT "I'm not happy until your underwear is wet!" Oh I'm sorry Amanda how was your Halloween? Which feed are you referring to? When the horse goes by you and snots on you bet on him it's good luck!! I did and won your gonna be in chapter 2 im writing it right now(: my Mentions was juicy this morning. RT : I have a feeling The German will have Monster game tonight... This a good #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points. not sure what you mean there #scdebate, what about the war that others declare on us! Capturing may cause more lives lost by Americans. i am SO excited to see I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV :) We practice for Patty's Day 364 days a year. Where will you be this Saturday? new photo... who likes? All day long you been working babeh, but all night long I'll be working babeh.... Happy holidays from Lexy! ... "Eat snacks. Keep fresh fruits and vegetables on hand, for late-night and between-meals snacks." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach 8yo had a nightmare, standing 2 inches from me in the pitch dark. 'Mom'. I almost crapped myself! That kid is stealth. Man I roasting today. I'm such a baby. Merry Christmas! The road to success is not a clear path, but remembering that their are many roads to reaching your destination. I'm starting a #hipsters jogging blog. They look so silly. hell yeah! ha ha no I'm not ok it is snowing here and all icy outside :( lol Florida Man Promises Debt Collecting With a Heart - The Ledger Bored af, so don't mind me tweeting my whole life. K. RT! “: Sex songs is the best songs” Appreciate all the Foodspotting posts! Glad you enjoyed OH UH OH. Ron arrest is a fucking punk RT #Cancer can appear very beautiful. #SignsYourGettingCheatedOn If your women never wears make up but out of nowhere she has make up on. so its that time The weekend is almost here. Don't wait to plan your next project. Call us and tell us about it. 317-456-7019 If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it? Thank you so much I owe you one. can't wait to see you <3 Mike Tyson-Main Event is great. Takes me back to days of punch out on NES. Friggin sweet. If you drive a porche & I pass you going 70, something is wrong All is well, kind amigo! Illinois Lottery: Final winner of record MegaMillions jackpot to come forward Wednesday. I dabble Mandolin A huge shout out to Rick Dean PUBLISHER goodness, just finished another hunger games video.. i think i'll wait to upload this one though. sorry meant numbers as in price, not edition number. Please let me know if you find out. I'm still reeling.. :'( #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I used to work in a slaughterhouse and I REALLY miss that line of work, especially when I get REALLY angry. IT'S GOIN DOWN EACH AND EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT WITH OF #MOST HATED ENT IN THE BULIDING. 2912 EVANS MILL ROAD, GA Damn Wade!!!" DAMN! Had a wonderful night. Or maybe Ive just had too much dopamine & serotonin in my brain lately. Regardless, I love it! & no, Im not on drugs. Working on a new Voices website. Totally can happen. That's how it worked for me and my now husband. Best combo - deep friendship, love and no secrets Week 1 of flag football is in the books! Hard fought team win for the WATF squad! We defeated SWD 12-6 in OT today! please follow me Thanks for the follow, do you guys have a website? We'd love to check it out on #Leadership - BP's Dudley says, finally, he and BP are sorry. What takes so long for leaders and organizations to take responsibility? Yes, once again, #TeamFred is here to save the day. well liana if yur so sure he will tweet u back then how about u ask him id like to see his reply :) It's funny how certain things: cars, songs,smells take me back. Even if it was bad then, the memories make me smile now. Oh Tonia, Tonia, Tonia don't you know you can never go home? ;) OKAY SO IM IN FUCKING SECTION 215 AND THOSE ARE THE WORST SEATS. NO NO NO Yeah Porter Wagnor Tournament SO cool!!! We all saw what Paul did for the Clippers. Their coach was terrible. cow shit, really... I like the smell of gasoline when Im at the gas station. Weird? Do you pick him at Augusta? Why California ? BRAND NEW SPORTS BEERTUBES at FLIPCUPS.com New Shirts and products every week thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out Ah I just cant fuck with half of the people I used to fuck with. When you are on the #job hunt, what are the sites that you typically visit to begin your search? I would love to get your feedback! They're = they are. Their = their boat, ownership. You're = you are. Your = your dog, ownership. Just a quick reminder. Good afternoon! Why does everyone keep cutting me off when I'm kind the middle of my rock ballad? You won't regret buying a machine that's tied to a table? Albeit, an incredible machine, but not so easy to toss in a rucksack! - check 's feed Check out our video feat. www.kylexingtoncommons.org I'm studying and listening to music. When was the last time u were tired as hell & had 2 deal w/ someone on some Mr Snuffleupagus type siht, breathing all hard and carrying on? Thanks for all the RTs during our Blue Sunday campaign, Shelly! I yelled...unfortunately. RIP. RT : Kevin Costner failed. probably in a haze Monday and Tues Candlesticks would be good P.S. Sure, Theo said he could write the reporters' stories, but everyone at Wrigley today could write that game's ending. watching behind the music - AKON ;D lol Me too. I think goals are more tangible than resolutions. Can I favorite an entire conversation? Back to writing about viruses and the people who study them.... Played Shadow Ridge in Palm Desert yesterday. Fantastic course Our libs would like to become places for content creation-- as a tech person I always wonder "how do we support that?" :) Our office uses it () & the business UG program (). Let me know if I can help! (Thanks, ). Casting immediately! Do you know someone in an unhealthy relationship and needs professional help? Email your story to I'm so happy. My steak was just fantastic. I'm really a NY strip guy. Or a porterhouse of course. Ribeye is good, but just not my thing. nice.... Yea I use to live in BK before moving to LA..... That's what's up crazy party! The only thing standing in the way of submitting my thesis is some page numbering issues. Anyone a whiz in Open Office? Allies of the BLVD benefit concert tonight at Revolutionaries Cafe in McKees Rocks. Doors open at 7:30. So my teacher who always yells at me fell down the steps and broke her arm.. DM's only! A = I want you B = I wanna have sex C = I like you but i'm shy D = Your sexy E = I love you F = Your cute”” S. W. A. G. - Saved With Amazing Grace discovered this wkend & devoured his book #crushit,a super MUST read.couldn't put it down...CRUSH your dreams, live your passion. Most definitely! email me Ur resume This is Wife that would gladly sleep on the couch if we had one. hubby is a buzz saw The last week of School is always the longest and stressful.. Why does Anderson cooper keep giving racists a platform on his show? im good chillin out here in homewood at moms how lil mama doin “: Behind every great black man......is the police. Lol” naw behind every fast one they wud have been caught me It may seem like a dream; things aren't what they seem. Now begins a new adventure for you! I'll be at the rangers game tomorrow :D Going to watch abdc tonight in my boys will be boyz shirt!!! wish for a big black penis? Or the perfect life.... Wait you already have it because it's a life filled with happiness(: Obv u tried something & she shut it down RT : Why is it soo hard to believe tht I can say no to sex:girl sleep in the same bed. Joe. What's your gut on this? As a fellow entercom employee. Lol. Q: Strangest gift you've received? Giftcards are always cool - stop by guest services. T&C's apply. Went to farmers market 2day. Best sweet corn in the world! Gonna be at the hospital all day. I had never even heard the piece before!! Sightread first violin part...pretty nerve wracking lol love it Jenny If you're ever in the Midwest and want to travel, use Megabus. My trip from Chicago to Milwaukee cost me $1.50 & the bus has WiFi! Rest day today....this means lots of playtime at the playground with the 2 year old! If you tweet like a whore you will be treated like one. Don't act surprised when it happens. #webwise role of school libraries in science teaching: digital textbooks in CA w/open content; historically hindered by budgets & filters Everyone wants happiness,nobody wants pain..But you can't have a rainbow without a little rain..! hell yeah :) but idk how work this thang lol Did you get hurt while stealing a base? those "girl quotes" twitters are so stupid Good call! Well if you all ever want to come to NY my apartment is open...all 300 square feet of it. Got caught in the twilight zone of walking out of a door, seeing someone, and not knowing if they're close enough to hold the door. The Beach Boys continue to rock my world. Revisions nearly halfway done! Do I deserve sushi and candy canes? Oh yes. Oh yes. Marshawn Lynch highlight just gave me a half chub please follow back?? :) Amazed that does not adjust their trip planner to reflect holiday schedule changes. You're welcome! Time to ask that question again. :) I think either way it works. that's the spirit ; ) haha or u could use them all @ once Marinating the wings, marinating the wings........ Take a 10-minute walk around the office/outside today during lunch to burn some extra calories and refresh your mind and body! Today's the #LanternFestival, the last day of the #SpringFestival (aka Chinese New Year)! Eat lots of...sweet rice balls. Woo Hoo!!! Congrats to the awesome KCResearch staff! Rant! How come foreign athletes can get their papers to work at the drop of a dime but regular folks have to hide and wait in line? #Money? Go. Away. Fat man. I see a wild finish on the horizon. What a comback for Tiger though. Taco Tuesday is never boring! I've moved to | Totally done with I plan on pr for regionals right then pr for finals the state break all the records of the events I running in Energy and persistence alter all things. ~Ben Franklin Have fun at the game! RT Spending the day in the heart of the city and then Bulls game tonight! I ask my Children to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol then another one was hair loss and he said ' well i don't have a lot of hair on my head but i have a bunch in my jeans' EWW GROSS. Lakers center Andrew Bynum scored 20 points with 14 rebounds and 1 assists in a loss to the Thunder #Raven nation This does not. #ucda Joseph Duffy building the visual brief OH: He's really into.. I dunno how else to say this.. amateur cafe fighting I have a meeting, but I'll be hh by 7pm, maybe earlier. I love to stay on top of news DHASATRA<U+62D3><U+5C55>Xpress Money<U+5728><U+5370><U+5C3C><U+7684><U+7F51><U+7EDC> <U+963F><U+8054><U+914B><U+963F><U+5E03><U+624E><U+6BD4>--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(<U+7F8E><U+56FD><U+5546><U+4E1A><U+8D44><U+8BAF>)-- People that catch feelings easily.. turns me off. I'll give you a massage if you study. Thank the lord for battle rap!!!! I love Worldpeace, but that was a damn football hit Love the update, but it is lame that some features are now being held ransom with in-app purchase. Downcast it is! damn... But in front of your casaa come on now you can't slip like dat unless das your own cribbo !! ;) will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep. Ann Williams from 6-8 Everyone keeps saying think outside the box but I didn't know there was a box “The Sun never says to the Earth, “You owe me.” Look what happens with a love like that, it lights the whole sky.” -Hafiz The guy played 19 GAMES as a DI quarterback. 19. Is that a good sample size? completely agree :) Mark Walhberg's new movie "Contraband" comes out today. If you see it consider posting a review via QWiPS and share with friends! Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought. it won't let me follow you! Dices, que soy imperfecta....... “ #iLoveMyMomBecause she held me down playing best friend, mom and dad.” POLL: Do I tweet too many pictures of food? A: No. B: No, you don't tweet enough! Try the coffee at tropical cafe in echo park. Dices' date has a BAD weave on!! Sorry,I am with Dice Individuals with strong EI recognize that they cannot react to time, they must see time as a resource and manage it effectively. The best thing about my job is my chair rolls and spins lol Jp again #Genealogy What does this mean? Agnes Cummins, infant, by Robt Cummins, her next friend, vs. John Rutherford.-Br.Promise.Writ, 21st Aug1790 #1DPerfectPerformance trend it :) So apparently aimed to outdo in the contest of "Utterly RIDICULOUS Magazine Covers". Oh look, it's a tie! #YouShouldNever mess with a Mahomie. I love Justin and have since day 1 but. Come on..Beliebers can be rude to other fanbases. Just watched the Avengers movie trailer - Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!! I really need some sleep. Good Morning Benjamin [$(100)$] it's about that time, wake all ya buddies up, we gettin back to the money under that argument nobody in baseball would ever sell because the money will always be more Great! I hope you enjoy it. Would love to get your opinion when you finish. thanks for the #FF love, have a great weekend! So excited to have joining us in our studio this afternoon! I wonder if the tendency for guys to call other guys, of whom the know relatively little, "brother" began with Hulk Hogan. RT : Al Sharpton RT : Teddy Roosevelt RT : Who was the nigga in the 1st fight that got knocked out? "Siegfried" tonight. http:/www.jarrettburch.com Ah, the sweet smell of clammy-handed adolescence! Davidoff Cool Water Follow me Andrew <3 Congrats on the new brand. Love to see when Vegas is represented! Can't wait to take em for spin Cal told this kid no specifically. Just like Selby. Who was a head case? Thanks for the shout out! lmao if you gonna try tomorrow you better gone' head and go to bed now, and take a 4 hr nap tomorrow. I'm a republican and I think people should be able to be happy. It's no one else's business. Marry who you want. #Cubs until the #Bulls are on......last chance!!! A lot of mullets at the zoo today Getting my rook pierced in a few minutes .. currently #imsofuckedup I assumed I'd be cool without my friends while going somewhere else. But obviously I was. I gave them the wow factor. Serious. That's what I'm talkin' about! Am I gonna have to cover for you this season, too? :-) RT Bring on the Ravens baby! it is "snowballing" out here. Watching Smash. Anjelica Huston is the best. love this. :) Thanks to our new followers: , , , , and It feels good to make new friends! - Whazzup with your Giants!? Gotta score in the red zone! Come on Eli, I'm cheering for you since Aaron isn't playing today! Just got the cutest dip dyed denim shorts ever<3 NAIOP WI DL's had lunch today w Fran Brzezinski of InterstatePtnrs. TY to series sponsor HSI Properties. Mark Irgens is our next guest. Working on our roof. So loud. But soon no leaking ceiling! Tho stuff keeps falling on the A/C - that can't be good. Car sales at Ford Motor Company were up 8 percent; Focus was the biggest seller with sales up 78 percent during this period. It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear - I just saw your suggestions now - thanks!!! - I'll be sure to mention u once I check them out! Stay with your friend if they’re going to throw up. Look for signs of alcohol poisoning like slow or irregular breathing. eternal sunshine of the spotless mind :) Lmaoo! He's Going To Hell :o The enlightenment of quality control philosophies - from Feigenbaum to Juran oh, i've seen some hot tee's i'ma cop for June, July, and August! time to step my game up! Only one c is necessary in necessary. yup RT : myPOV: Companies have more data than they know what to do with as it is - too few people know how to action it **www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic "Party to Crash"! Now on i-Heart Radio... +750 internet radio stations! I'm afraid to say that installing blinds is not one of my strengths. That Kevin and Winnie didn't get married on The Wonder Years. Rainy day at the #farmersmarket. One FREE #cookie or #cupcake with purchase. awkward as a turtle. I'm betting on WWP National Squad. LOL. But she does tend 2 score 1 here and there on delivery alone. She is definitely a Roast comic.... you in love wit a fat white bitch step ur game up OK. But December was really grim... speaking of, if you want a weekly dose of home, check out Grimm The extreme zoom on Kobe made me laugh At the ortho! Happy birthday to us....Happy birthday to us...#Kforce is 50 today! Happy b-day to our fellow Kforce offices! i'm sick of the sleepless, never ending nights. I just don't car who's wrong or right... #SickOfYou by that's right c: I don't. OOH OOH! It's free Thursday at ! This is walkin wit 2 cups in here hand like she at an hotel... That would be more stark trek episodes than exist... thanks! we agree. Egads! I need to try, thanks! I'm coining a new word-- fauxclusivity: ritualized velvet-roping simply to suggest that a product/service is special; see Pinterest. ...and the the fact the "HE SCOTT FREAKIN DIAMOND" a Rule 5, A guy with 1 career MLB win! Dude, he's not Verlander yet! :) i think your so pretty i wish you would follow me You are awesome. Thank you for the RT Amoba Records Sold out OF HOOKS C.D.S and RECORDS more comin soon!!Cheers Yall!! Birthday TOMORROW :D I would like to invite everyone to the ribbon cutting opening the new Twin Falls Resort Lodge on Wednes, June 15th, at 10:30a.m. Do you Instagram?? any number in particular? Executive session. Hah! "..Final Fours are measuring sticks” - Izzo Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the non-profit organizations of America flourish! It's been a month since I lost my bestfriend. A month exactly. James I miss you. #RIPJames #ILoveYouJamesPatrickOHanlon <3 Thank you for the invite. Definitely keep us in mind for the next adventure! I judge people who ask where the bus goes as they get on it. hanging in the dells with my bestie justin. “: Vin Scully, the greatest broadcaster in sports history, just announced on air that he'll be behind the mic next year.." YAY!!! Happy Halloween!!! I hate being in HS & curfew! :( I'm jealous. Which means I get to see Speedy:) "this is how we do it" acoustic. Done. “The great Emperour of Ethiopia hath bin outed... and the grand Turk hath bin strangled” - James Howell, A Winter Dreame, 1649. To all of our friends and customers, we hope you all had a great easter weekend. Turns out that quality time with the flat iron this morning was not time well spent. Keep an eye on Channel 4 News this evening for some #kegride coverage. But I assume the Rays favorite it Luke Skywalker? no mad planet?! when companies don't have a plan for using social media Renovate Paint and Design - get a free estimate before the holidays: San Antonio, New Braunfels, Fair Oaks, Schertz, all areas in between Just realized because of the early call time I'll get food twice before breakfast is stopped...meaning i mean, it was aight... i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for That's pretty awesome (auto-pilot). Unfortunately the images aren't fully loading before switching states on my pc taking a well needed nap will be on Conan tonight at 11/10c Yes prices are for 3 nights hey check us out. :] we are new to Vegas and are starting to get a good fan base here. Get rid of Sarver and get rid of Thank you, sir! You're quite welcome. Thank YOU for listening! fuck you Colombia is not what the media claims it to be its a beautiful country with heartwarming people Great article. Right on the money. analysts mention every candidate _except_ , despite Ron Paul being very strong throughout the Sleep is for the weak. Thanks! I have to thank EDUCAUSE, especially Teddy Diggs for editing and guidance. I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school (; #choppinnn'it(; Hi, thank you for the retweet :> Tell us your favorite baseball memory. It can be from your childhood, a game you attended or just a baseball moment that you remember. "I Left Town" by Julie Doiron. On repeat. Ad infinitum, ad nauseam. 85°F Yeah Buddy! Happy Monday thanks for the mentions! cheers thank you so much . I dont wanna be annoying but i think twitter didnt work you are not following me :/ <3 I thought more people would be happy about this.....WE HAVE 305 PEOPLE IN THE FLASH MOB AND A FEW MALE DITECTIONERS! "Yay!" -sarcasm- Taco bell trip at 10:15 <U+0001F60A> wishing my BFF was with us!!<U+0001F612> Another pathetic Lib attempt at 'humor' about someone on the other side becoming ill or dying. Should he lose his job? haha I want to go see The Lucky One lol:) yes i got a 2 hr cardio session I'm about to put myself through at 10 but I love the results !!!! I just don't need the oomph of a MacBook Pro. And I can't remember last time I used the optical drive. I knew it! Not failure, but low aim, is a crime. - James Russell Lowell Andrew ( ) is behind the bar enjoying a Strongbow and pouring shots. He also is serving EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. Come celebrate James' B day tonight at Shank Hall 9PM Gilbert who? Hey!!!! check it out... www.fashionplumes.com and u can buy these at our salon too :) Excuse... Excuses... Excuses... how do i delete an account? Chick-fil-A has a hidden location at NYU... not impossible for a non-student to slip in! Hey Ladybird! ok lil bro dang I'm Brook and I approve Salem Creek Greenway I just finished a 7.04 mi run with a pace of 9'09"/mi with Nike+ GPS. roosevelt and western at aceso's good advice although not all interview subjects are suited to an ECU. Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoosiers!!! Great win. Showed some fight and finishing ability I haven't seen out of this team in a few years! COME GET YOUR PATRIOTIC JUNK PIERCINGS! I just said excuse me to my cat? Wtf... Rolling up some Betty White OG (: hey tom! my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC. hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing. please check him out on youtube Loving you forever, can't be wrong Even though you're not here, won't move on shit! You beat me. I'll be there in a few! 40 oz?! I didn't realize you had it in you. wheres that vid u said u were gonna post? :) way hotter! you love them irishmen! Universities can ask politically impossible questions: Amy Gutmann #delange8 YES! Anyone know where Chevy Metal is playing tonight? In NOLA?? In about a day in a / my new screen name congrats! I'll be sure to look for it! ice that shit up kid Good morning people. Tomorrow!! Join us! RT Colts rally 2day @ Monument Circle 11-1p. Our friends will b there 2 announce campaign goal! Congrats on your retirement. Tea is good. Naw, I'm just cold af Ann, thank you so much! I hope you know that means an enormous amount to me coming from you! Hi Kim! Professor Hecht said I should introduce myself so you could add me to the list. Thanks! This game makes me much more confident. At least they are trying! that's illegal. more will over time. I tweet for the council so personal accts are going thru withdrawal. The schedule is out!! March 24th needs to hurry up and get here You be the bird, I'll be the feather. We'll be the best of friends forever .I feel fuckin lazy but I don't want to be out in the cold & i have to bus it home. On the real it's not on my agenda & won't end up on it. "I need a clone" May be possible. Wouldn't want clone of self though ... I'd want one who was strong in my weaker areas. Oops, we're sorry. Good morning ! :) LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?xx can't wait to hear them! Hey #college #students - bring an awesome #speaker to your #campus for your next #event, #conference, or #lecture. Contact ! hey sweetie how your day today it's raning down here even the way yoou look you could make the be better buy looking at your pic i gotta say, is putting forth a solid effort to make a splash. dope video. SexTip Guys, if your girl starts to lose the mood during sex, return to foreplay for a minute or two to get her back in the mood. I don't think of her as riot grrrl but as a great musician. And my 7 year old. The arc of history bends toward justice. Thank you, how are you today? Hiring right employees can be like winning the lottery.Hard to know who will be a good fit til they’ve been working 4 awhile Ah gotcha. Cool cool. You still interested in getting things together with Nick and I? It's a sad day when America makes war on its own citizens exercising their constitutional rights to protest. Had a blast last night at Ri'chard's...thanks to everyone who came out! I also had a mealworm in 1 of my mom's homemade canned green beans. Bean fell off the fork, split apart, and TA-DA! Mealworm. So gla you find us "interestingly cool"! I'll DM you for a call. "Seattle's Best" = "Seattle's Average and Burnt" but it does the trick And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: You're welcome. :) Sakura! Perfect / weather in Seattle for / three days in a row I was exhibits coordinator & a visual collections archivist before that. I love IHSs photo collection. Are you in exhibits? thanks to for following our tweets goes google apparently u never seen Bruce Leroy then lol Thanks! And thanks for the follow too :) they did win? Ok thanks So, when do they play? JOB: Smith is most proud of making the site geographically functional. Good morning [: Yea I get lonely like everybody else but then I'm reminded of the fact that no one can luv me like i luv myself Does Hallmark make greeting cards for Record Store Day yet? Seems like a new market. yup, chinese food for dinner. Time for primwe at CBS...here goes. Didn't say u were dissing the O's. Just applauding the under the radar look so far. I like it that way. Love your work, Dan. Sending my scholarship application to Lane. can't wait to see you again, bestie!! time for us to get you drunk ": Lazy days >>>>>>>" I wish! come take my spot on the farm this weekend! GOT SOME NEW MUSIC TAKE A LISTEN AND FOLLOW ME AND and Joey Crack what's good Terror Squad in the House Not watching the fight tonight - but got some money on it. Going out with a VERY good friend tonight. Ok its 4-4 and they have Burnett coming in follow me Desmond1598 Generations inform our frame of reference" "technology (as a word) has no meaning" Who wants some facts? :P Come on Rams...let's go! Sunday Night call in show from 6-8pm tomorrow will have The BIG 3 in studio - Rakes, Troutman, Willis. Be sure to tune in! Ladies Thanksgiving is approaching, make sure you book your hair appointments now before I'm all booked! (813) 910-2770 Welcome to Twitter little sis :) Follow Kentucky Derby, Cinco de Mayo, Fight night.. So much going on! FREE SHIPPING UNTIL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! but as my lovely followers, get 10% off any order all year round!! use coupon code "FOLLOWTHESMOKE" You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing. Yahoo! layin off 2,000 ppl. I hope the one's who come up w the homepage article titles go 1st. But sad for those gonna b out of a job So pumped RT:: man, this is gonna be awesome #headingoverafter and #beatsonrepeat" Yes! 37,000 words. Now I am going to play Assassin's Creed. Insane that there were flurries at Snoqualmie today too! it's a temperature roller coaster Anyone looking to unload some tickets tonight? Looking for anything on the lower level i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing drama, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem Aww, I was a TG for and I know the feeling. If u ain't a real nigga - then I expect yo ass to hate! on my way to Chicago! no problem, there's quite a few bonavita on Twitter including cribs, vegan food, grocery store, and a high school. 2012 Resolution #6: When the heat is on, slow down in order to speed up. Arizona Business Leaders Need To Condemn Extremism After Latest Shooting Hey there Lulu! Great photos btw Isn't it good that married people's marital goals are not about convincing anyone other than their spouse. #FF n #TheSecretCircle as we hope they bring it back for season 2! One week until #seattle ....can't wait for a well needed vacation with my love You're not going to use that old 'For Rent' sign like your grandparents did back in the day. Are you? Looking forward to Crosby explaining to Pens fans why "the best team in hockey" goes home this week. Phrase I just read in a news story: "Rumors have pointed to ..." Hey North Korea. Quit focusing on your failed rocket and worry about bringing back home. Merry Christmas everybody Police Pursuit on Ventura Boulevard in Studio City....YIKES!!!! Life is great!! Share in it... .... so are we still banging? Hey and are you guys on? #HappyMothersDay! There's no better day to treat Mom to a tan :) Jus secured a liquor sponsorship for my Vegas listening party, AWESOME!!! Tequi, oops I mean "Anu~Sun Rises for everyone!!!! Check out $how Me the Monday on FB for your shot at FREE DRIVING!. Today's topic? Safe Driving. on.fb.me/mZSjon RT : Yea Rockies! :) Too bad Dexter didn't get to try for a cycle though. Great problem to have: Not enough room in my lineup for all my good fantasy baseball players. Um, I'm a straight woman who does those things to/for other straight women. What does that mean???? maybe a solid inside backer as well to learn under the tutelage and wisdom of Urlacher and Briggs Attended awesome social media #bizsuccess program with Starr Hall When it hits your city -Entrepreneur mag - learn NEW growth tactics I hope UK wins by Twany tonight. I love you:) and I would love you even MORE if you retweeted me! Yep you know you want to:D <33 My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier, big Kelly clarkson fan arentcha? Just want this work day to be over. Grrrr last slide "I willz hack fer tuna" No more live stream... Sorry! HE GOT 2 CHAINZ... I GOT 2 EARRINGZ... WHICH MEANS I'M STILL IN THE GAME... ;-0 if i text you back even once you should feel honored because im an awful texter 4 more to get to 800 followers, anyone fancy giving me a hand? hey im down to link up. Dm me your number. And wer can i check out ya musik I'm related to the de la Pole family. Edmund de la Pole, Countess of Salisbury & Henry Pole were relatives who were killed. Boo! Can't wait for Sunday! We'll be giving $1000 Off room rentals at at booth #304. Please Share!! enjoying this heat and humidity. Anytime to grab a beer around town Just Happy!! uhhuuuuuu!! lime myself? has a rough workout ahead tonight... definitely taking it easy until then. We are still hoping that and Brew Master Jeremy will be pouring at the Art of Beer. Only time will tell though! Going to be dancing at the Hollywood Music in Media awards tomorrow night at the Highlands Nightclub at the Kodak Theater! we could've probably gotten a lineman/receiver and gotten Weeden at 37. the guy is 29 years old. Where's all my sunshine ladies Sitting at the gate at the airport and my regular 5am alarm went off. larry david i've missed you...excited about #curbyourenthusiasm and duh Plus it's been a min since I last got tatted I've got two boys cooking for me right now. Not a bad turn of events for the night. hey , would u follow ME. PALEASE It's very painful to see your negative personality traits alive in your children. do you have a link? Thanks for the mention! Keep on painting = smiling I wish I was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us. Why do I always come on Twitter late @ night only... LoL Listening to that Cali rain... Say it Batum, say it! SEO tip of the day. Remember to alt tag your photos. Surprises me how often people don't.... hay ;D Oh Arizona...how i loath you to book... Almost quitting time! Slow day but it slick went by fast!! three cheers! 245 for drinks I have a new ASD case who is a severe head banger, even after given the item he wants.... Help!...Resources anyone? Be present, conscious and listen or you will miss the best parts. Got that rite " We've waited years to have an excuse to book AJ Styles vs. Dixie's husband Serge at Slammiversary." - Dixie On The Pole Match work roles: archivist, digital librarian, reference librarian, technology trainer, career advisor, customer service pro, inspirer Breakfast quesadilla is the special, start this wonderful day off right! #MaybeIshould cut all these fake mfs off Cheers to all of the cheap ass tippers out there tonight. Yeah I'm talking to you fix your shit first before you start with this smalltalky garbage. jesus, dude. thanks for following ;-) What's your favorite workout song? all I want is a mermaid braid Lysa's son is CRAZY, too. But Lysa is WAY CRAZIER. #GameOfThrones 105. We should take our show on the road!! Obama and osama are spelled alot alike... Maybe this is not a good sign The Super Bowl is always boring. Always. have fun tonight jess & happy new year! Loveyou<3 who are you cuz I wanted to!!! Everyone should go wish a very Happy Birthday to one of my bestfriends, :) my phone is about to DIIIIIIIIIIEEEE <U+0001F622><U+0001F4F1> This is like the windiest day of my life! I almost fell on the floor of how hard the wind is blowing :o Bad girls club <U+2665> Congrats! Who's running the bootcamp this week? exactly delivering a double-punch right there! what a great night... Ryan Gosling at Bottom of the Hill ": is it possible to be doin to much and not enuff?.." yes, inefficiency...busyness doesnt always mean u handle business u no harmonica as always #Twilight appearance, yuck. made their first pick at the #SuperDraft. I can go to lunch now Love being up this early to see guys in button downs and girls barefoot in tight dressed walking home... your mom and my grandma have the same wise words. Still you. You've sent me 9 tweets, 2 on topic and I've addressed every point you tried to make, even the stupid ones like this. I figure it will give me an option if one or the other is fugly. Ha. And, what better way to collect souvenirs? :) Just read it. I think your title is a good solution. Haha. Or, "Deja Vu, Mine's Important, Too!" Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now. I need a big long bear hug :( ...and don't let go -_- lol Good luck. I'm armed with sliced flatiron steak, fancy eggs to fry, and some garlicky greens. These 10am starts are tricky. Getting hit on by a new client who saw my staff picture on my company's website...should I be flattered or creeped out? Who is this? Had a dream about an old friend last night and when I awoke this morning I had an email from her... weird right? Glad that Walter knows when I'm not feeling well. That puppy has some great intuition. I wish my head would stop hurting. “ Club Fridays with my girls tonight and ” oh yea, I forgot about that..... #basketballwivesseason25 ?? Yeah, pretty amazing the O's won with those stats in their lineup. Hardy picked him up, big. Funny he's barely over .200 now. nothing pithy, witty, or charming to say today. Doors open tonight open mic comedy thank you as well!! xx Let me know if you find other ways too! I also find frequent breaks & small rewards helpful. (Peanut M&Ms help me!) Gotta love HARRY POTTER!<U+E13D> So far, Bonnie Raitt is the only one that can actually sing out of all these frauds Watching Clarissa Explains it all, #90sareallthat! #FreshmanYearTaughtMe procrastination is a really big thing Don't have basement Trying to decide on going to TDF we i got selenas perfume samples they smell good Erin go Bragh! Lonely Bull - Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass Don't settle for shit Prepping for the Tipoff to Sweet 16 special at the studios. Translation: interns working, I'm eating chicken casserole in break room. better with the lights off Which doesn't want the Crusades2.0? as ? at ? as President? tml i need to talk to you sis thanks for the RT! Hope you liked it. again, he's on pace for a career high OPS. By far. He can't control no one getting on base ahead of him. We are making friends (and common cause) with Xavier fans in the parking lot 1 hit wonder.? u havent even had time to say that..& they have WMYB, gotta be you, and one thing are all singles. Once I give birth, bring on the Nutella. Right now, just dreaming about it. I guess I'll have some peppermint tea, no sugar :/ enough to make up for the extra stinkbugs, which are already invading my house? I'm not convinced. Baxter Break the problem down to it's smallest bits & components, reassemble it to something that benefits credit union & members A woman was shot to death just two blocks from my school today. “It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.” <U+2015> George Herman Ruth interview: Question: "What's your biggest turnoff (in a woman)?" Answer: "When they tell you their name" nice to know! Hope I get the same reaction thanks, and belatedly to you! i love you also! Met the cutest guy ever at the competition c; Shockingly, I wasnt shy at all c: rt "I suppose #leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people." ~ Mahatma Gandhi Sure thing. Wa, broken link. I want to see the firemenzzz. idgaf its thursday I am in our garden hotel next to Rachel McAdams.. She is really really pretty in person too peeps.. I am now a weird stalker..lol Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about you <3 I'm trying to get one of my friends to go. Don't like traveling down there by mself. If I get to go I will hollar at ya. I just had this moment staring at the moon outside my window and realized how far away I am from home You can't believe how bad the damage from the tornados are till you see it with your own eyes. So sad. I NEED 100+ FOLLOWERS. FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!!! Taking some much needed me time....with Super Mario 3. getting ready for the J-O-B...... i am so boring Someone once told me that I could be anyone I wanted to be... Turns out...that's called identity theft... UPDATE! BULLETIN PASS NOW GOOD UNTIL MIDNIGHT! Ignore the "11pm" cut-off....PRINT AND GET HERE NOW!!! “It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are Looking forward to meeting my neighbors this weekend - I'll be out and about...all over District 7 New fan of #meangirlsmassage in South Seattle. FTW I feel like FAB brushed it off and the real topics weren't touched...outcomes=how can we as artist contriube past music YES! That's my man! Just saw #Americanreunion...it was hilarious. It's been too long since the REAL last one...not counting the straight to DVD flicks. giving her a dozen roses, 11 real and 1 fake, say I will love you until the last rose dies.;) Chinese New Years at tonigh! With ! Check out our work! See you tonight! when i cop the cd ima need a signed joint * ,the out bursts of laughter in the middle of class 1st 6 wks are roughest. Hang in there. Sleep as much as possible *while* baby sleeps. 4 months is reward time: gurgly smiley... He cleared the sheet, and was free to return, slightly downhill now, along the halyards to the mast I've tried to live without you...but tears fall from my eyes. wow! ;0)! RT : Stressed spelled backwards is dessert. Just sayin'. The anger inside right now is so intense. I just wanna Kamahamaha everything right now. really...people still believe in that... so 90s when AOL was in Hit my phone. I would love to but we have to have plans!! birchmere august can't wait In that mood where every little thing annoys me -.-t We still have our old WordPress site up & the new #Drupal site up so perhaps you saw the old one? cc: / Thanks for the retweet! We have received some wonderful responses! *nods* yeep... Ive been sick a lot lately too. :/ Watching Seven Pounds...Way to intense..I'd better pay attention no? i dont think anyone esle knows to? NUBLU WEDNESDAY...... *BRASIL PARTY W CARLOS DARCI from BANDA BLACK RIO... *ZE LUIS QUARTET plays the early set.. *GREG CAZ spinns... dude I think I saw you at the mall o_O was not sure tho on Saturday I think it was. “: I don't think I've ever been happier for an individual player as I am for right now. #UK” TOTALLY! Me too!! Even some diehard blackberry4life users are requesting to "try out" an iPhone I'm creeping you. HARD. That sly and the fam song is so scientifically accurate hm, only if is somehow involved in this proposal (hint, hint) ;) haha. RT : Marry Me... please? I have the book "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man". Lmao! RT Im a business woman so dont try and talk BS to me.. #rookiemove... LOL Yes! The Three Dog Bakery on first is adorable! Birthday kisses. Lolz Go follow on instagram she's a hawtiiie ~ Apparently St. Louis seen it coming before anyone else did. Free my nigger Apparently the sticking point is the 3rd tier rights. The ACC kept the basketball ones, but gave up fball to ESPN/ACC... Learning SPARQL by Bob DuCharme. "Greetings from Amazon. We thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items" amzn.to/lEXtGo you picked a bad day to sleep in!!!! Of course! They do! lol My wife is one of them too! ;-) Anyone know why people would be lined up outside of the fox theatre today? I'm out of the loop. I wrote it only last night as part of #NaPoWriMo. I have a lot of poems out there, though, and I'm hopeful. RIP Whitney I'll definitely be watching The Bodyguard for you! When Amanda Knox returns to the US. I have a feeling shes going to stay away from the Jersey Shore. let the bottled up hate pour out onto this keyboard, and may someone actually read it and do something about it. just shut up Well as my work wife I fear your wrath if I forget those sorts of details Its a really good #wine too! time for a lil #genealogy research and 2012 family reunion planning MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install "news-feed chip" in his skull. thanks was an amazing show! Was fun and nice to see u and all girls. U shine girl oh yea, favorite class ever....... yeah! Those Arkansas girls! who did she say she was? Haha Good Morning... Let's make this a great week! Too funny:) lol #KyDerby RT : Where will you be in 85 days??? "Please stop eating apples." - A lonely doctor. Heading from Spokane To Knoxville, TN for yet another Self Wealth Live Event! Going to be awesome! NOW offering daily, 1 time use PROMOTION CODES Say Ahh really doe radio the series is pretty faithful to the books, the books are better worded and detailed in the dialogues thank you:) I Got Lean Was Serving That, I Been To Jail Ain't Going Back tonight on the pulse, Special Guest stops through, , and LIVE in the MIX.... get emmmmmmm..... Tim Tebow is the Skrillex of qb's: inexplicably popular despite little to no skill. Fast fast follow back Watching 1d videos best friend has 10 letters & so does lying bitch. I lost respect for Terry when he showed up on sportsworks last night without a pocket square. woah. #FF is like a university graduate program: 88 bots and eventually one #phd. thanks mike behind the wheels of Thanks ! Great to meet you and so many amazing women! Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car - think green! #voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents. just changed my picture!! Hunger Games on Saturday <3 Yes and I'm a little disturbed! Ewww 1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!! and now I understand your instagram photos from yesterday. you can't trust a man whats made of gas. Rock wall to climb that is 3 stories, 75 gal. bucket drops water every 5 mins,4 giant slides, obstacle course, diving boards etc cool! Now I wanna go fly my kite... he looks just like daddy ;) When a girl thinks of her future with her boyfriend, it's normal. But when a boy thinks of his future with his girlfriend, he's serious. Who remembers Chris Bosh in Jurassic Park? He messed Newman up pretty bad in that jeep. - enjoyed your presentation this am - wish districts were more open to it! Anyone else having trouble accessing #gmail and #googlecalendar? Not a great way to start a busy Monday morning!!!! Photoshop vs. Lightroom, which would you pick? great point!!! sunday fundayyyy bring on the bink Higher Caliber Klique is bigger and better than ever!! RT : If you haven't skied this winter, has bus trips this weekend to Hunter, Stratton, & Windham... Brought my friend Natalie to to see Scrooge 2day & she answered the call to salvation! Luke 15;7 Sorry for the late response. We're on the west coast right now. Will be back in Chi very shortly! Thanks for following! Always remember who you are and where you come from. The world will try to change you- don't let em!!! your welcome.(; and my name is Kaylie:)(: lmao. “ My face break& out bad smh Baseball doin this” Kinedo is now AfterShock Web Design. Tell your tweeps to follow us at our new twitter: i'm up already, too! OMG<3 i talked to Him today;<U+2665>! at home vs Cincy yup! What are you doing today? that's a very cool idea. I've only read the first hg book... Does Collins explain the other districts in next 2 books? Have a great weekend everyone! I'm a girl lol Tami needs a Mental Health appt. STAT! oh ya know I remember Hahahahah. Wasn't Eddie there too I would rather ignore my emotions and have no feelings at all then be an emotional wreck. Flushing the toilet! :D Saying 'I Love You' is like getting candy on Halloween. If that makes any sense at all. Welcome Home !! It's the last night of ! Go out in style at for Closet Sundays! lots of stuff ;). the culture. what fans are like / what they do / how they think. skype/FB/email? super for you! OK, we're outta here. See you in 2011! - Please contact me off-Twiiter. I think we're talking at cross-purposes, & this isn't a conversation for 140 characters. Officially so over the Kardashians... Best out of office response ever: "Back the 15th, unless we capsize." Good Morning...When God takes something from your grasp, He's not punishing you but merely opening your hands to receive something better. I so can't wait to take a nap on lunch...tired as fuck. That's what I get for hunching and being nasty till wee hours in the night. Lol RT Life brings ppl in our lives at diff seasons for diff reasons. Keeps life interesting. OK, good. But I think he is destined for the KHL Lord please bless me today with your glory... thanks:D Best compliment tonite- youre outfit is amazing from head to toe, bag and accessories! Thanks! come to play with me in buffalo All I could think for the last 20 minutes of the call every time this jokah opened his mouf: #WhyIzYouHollarin' Simmah down. On today's agenda: formulating an all-natural body scrub + fine tuning the hair conditioner formula. What fun! Lol! Get YOUR TAN ON! Wear green and get 17% OFF your purchase today only! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $55! MEMBERSHIP and LOTION specials too! hahaha. No you haven't done anything to deserve it, that's just me being a douche haha. got some where to be in like 4 hours but if i lay down now....lets just say Thank you. And yes, scary is the word. Change of plans. They're going with a repeat show. Catch me live on the Armstrong Williams Show next week. Sorry, but the minute you launch a "keep team X's fans out of our building" campaign, you are officially labeling your fanbase as pathetic. Men are not prisoner's of fate, but prisoner's of their own mind. I'm not bitter, but for the sake of efficiency, Purdue needs a better way to judge whether the foreign students can speak English or not. It took Ron Paul more than 15 years to deny writing those newsletters, despite being asked about them over course I'm so hungry I just might Hahaha :) I try to kill YOU! xD Thanks for sharing, Tim! Wait I NEED Hot Wings. Best fight scene in a movie, Jason Bourne vs Desh, Bourne Ultimatum Still looking for a girl to take out on a date .... =\, #23 do you hate me? Driving 60 in a 35 and then realizing i don't have my license with me. Season Opener is away at UWM, follow closely as gameday approaches for more news and updates! RnBThrowBacks R-kelly bump & grind Got my graduation dress today(: yea that's what all the over weight americans say...even though I know your not ;) Watching Tina Marie....wow hard to believe she's gone. RT "You just can't beat the person who won't give up." - Babe Ruth #IT & #Web Business Info Got that right! Style sheet gem from Joe Abbott: "so-called + quotation marks = overkill." Authors and unrepentant ironists, take notice. Lady Antebellum announced that their OWN THE NIGHT 2012 WORLD TOUR will be in VA BEACH at FARM BUREAU LIVE AT VIRGINIA BEACH on Sunday 6/10 We are lookin for independent and/or unsigned country music artists & bands! If you are one & would like music reviewed, contact us!! Couldn't sleep at all last night. I will send them. Thanks! A female doctor traded sex for health care with an uninsured patient....i'm pretty sure that's not included in Obamacare... absolutely, Carrington can cover Paul Burch at Ginger Man! RT Alcoholism? Put an aspirin between your hands--no more drinking. Like chapters of a good novel, life develops as growth wutg turns, inner conflict, side trips, adventure, moments of sorrow, and silence. rumor has it bass & drums are done for our new album, gettin' it done son... Fried pickles are the isshhh. Romney is a tone deaf dope who makes Kerry look Clinton-esque in his ability to connect w/ people. after hearing your report from last night I feel determined tonight ! I will be trying my best! Great class last night. Check oit MTB studios. Mary T Boyer is a great teacher and from Detroit! U can't lose! We've got a LOOP T-shirt as a prize for our 200th follower! Is that going to be you? (Limited sizes, but they're snazzy.) RT it up! RT if you like tuna, did you know it pays to just catch one is a lot of $$$ - I think it's about unfairness. People don't get this worked up over $5. They get worked up over injustice. (even if perceived) something corporate are amazing. i agree 100%. Trust me when I say.." you'll be back " We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for #txla13 - our 100th conference! I am siting at Christiphers salon getting a new birthday hair color Is true. PS gotta buy my noah gunderson/lemolo ticket. That show is gonna be so groovy. anyone at the 2004 MLS Cup could tell you that! #OWS #occupywallstreet #takewallstreet As an unemployed professional architect I support you! Unemployed for 19 months! Where's my bailout!? Merry Christmas Eve Everyone! :o) I think should do a Justin Timberlake cover..hmm. (: Remembering today all of those who have fought for our country & those still fighting for our freedom today. THANK YOU & Happy Veterans Day! hey nuthin much:) you? :) ASAP mob doesn't fuck around Green Day covers and too many cigarettes. didn't need proof. I believed ya. So you hanging in the quarter these days? Tell him I said Happy Birthday!! I never realized how nosy I am until a blocked number called me twice in 4 minutes and didn't leave a voicemail. Not knowing is KILLING me. lol I only got to take a pic with him. The line was long. Be nice to nerds. One day you will end up working for one! no pressure. #Oomf stay talking that shit lol. This is why i dont say nice things.. I just added new paintings to my website. Please check it out. http:\\dmgartstudio.com WOW. Yes. Such immediacy & edge. VERY talented. There's 2 things you need to RT #Pink & Purple & : Starting today!!!! Not going out like this!!!!! ok just text me if u need to talk. Am I going to have to go kung fu panda on someone? i figured out how to put up a picture (: #Assistance with !! We'll take it! is one of our favorite ubernerds. He needs to freakin' rock our stage already! Does anyone have any favorite books they would like to share? I am TweetChallenged trying to figure out how to follow the beauty expert Ms Sharon cause I saw two different dates and I've waited way too long for some new music!! Your #1 fan since I was 4 yrs. old!! Well I could pass a message along ;-) RT : . employs my childhood hero: Ms. Frizzle. No, really! Does she tweet? why don't sharks eat clowns? because they taste too funny Aghhh my ex just texted me its so akward RT for my mom on Mother's Day! She's 68 and loves dance music. That's blood If UK wins today (which they should) so be it. If UofL wins today it's bc refs, we'd rather beat UK than win Championship or fluke upset. Vegas next week- I might! made sure I got my methodology draft done first though! ;) there pretty cool, my buddy turned me on to them about a year ago!!! yesterday the police let the protesters stay, they were arm and hand in hand, chanting "let us in"it really is the people's house after all Success comes before work only in the dictionary~ Author Unknown Ditto. RT : Q5 yes, definitely. my husband is my rock.. and sounding board. RT : FABULOUS talk about how distraction in natural environments affects the results of user tests #BlackBabyNames Tom Robinson which city are you in? Do u ever wake up in the morning & realize "This could be the greatest day of my life, or the worst. Only fate can decide." Thanks for the mention! Mama Im at a crossroad.... Of my my my my life.... Damn... I think I was still drunk at work yesterday when I walked in. You too! The donations that come in for my passion: ChangeActivists.Org are blessings! They let me continue to change lives! Thank you! rockin the stealth 10's on the court and his little Nay Nay rockin them 2 rows behind me I'm kind of the tweet mistress for the group. Saw your tweet and thought I'd listen. Can I deduct the amount I spend on my hair appointment from my taxable income? #taxbreak my hair stylist is making I think we're on the same page here. follow me on Instagram ---> antonysoto I'll follow you back #alliwantis A more visual search engine...google is just boring! Http://tomorrowbook.com seeing it live in person. And the crazy conservatives. Trying to figure out what I want to do for our 18th wedding anniversary this year. I'm thinking Jamaica or Cozumel or Cayman Islands! hehe I'm joking god bless me 4 know that day so I can start my ladatalla I tried but I couldn't catch her. Pilates exercise will improve your posture greatly where you will be able to stand up straight & show more gracefulness in your movements! The greatest dreams a person can have in their life are the ones that happen with the eyes wide open. Unknown This creepy dude at the tanning place is creeping me tf out ! :o When are we having Polarpalooza in #alaska ? Better happen before the caps melt! Follow My Nigga Now! Thanks god for democracy, but don't ask me to sit through it for very long. Can we give the Captains Armband to Troy Perkins already? People who make every day special Can't believe that shit happened!? RT : How can you change the face of tech entrepreneurship? March 24, 2012 join us for the Inclusive Innovation conference details soon! The “secret spot” may not last much longer. In fact, the tools of communication today threaten to destroy the category of the “secret.” About to hit the sheets follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back gn ;) Maddison harrison is trying to scream in a band.................. Hahahahahahaha #1DWeekMemories Hi. We're. One Direction.Yeah!! Who just read that in their voices!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN YOU WRAP YOURSELF AND GIVE YOU TO ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY DOES THAT SOUND AWKS NEVER MIND THEN I can't send a DM until you follow me as well It took me over an hour of whistling "Time is on my side" by the Stones, but I finally came up with Denzel Washington and "Fallen." My good days never last long. thank you ! LOL when she kicked Lil Debbie out it was a wrap... #NYK is this real life? No way! Did it hit anyone? #WhenIWasLittle my brothers and i used to make championship belts from WWE and make believer we were the champions Same here, only because mine lost #AGiftedMan & #Alcatraz (w #BodyOfProof, #Unforgettable & CSI Miami/NY still on bubble) Dilemma ... but it wouldn't be if you'd quit playing the marty. #makeAdecision live by it & proceed on. I had Strasberg thursday and was only like 20 and he had 13ks. Nap time and trying to get over the person i like.. -.-t oh girl I can't believe he thought that no diaper deal was going to work lol fuck both of y'all lol I hear you! Thanks for the folo Malkin had 4 PIMs & five (5) giveaways. No other player for either team had more than two (2) giveaways. Akinade: Great opener, on how to pronounce "Thane." He's from Nigeria, and pronounced it "Tain." Murky waters... ohh so you see now and say goodnight you should stop drinking on the train Patrick Ewing lived the first 11 years of his life in Jamaica, where he played cricket and soccer. chic cake was my favorite too! We should meet up for a Starbucks sometime soon! Why do teachers insist on giving all these tests at the end of the year? #wtf <U+0001F620><U+0001F601> LOL #HoD that wedding cake didn't even look remotely real. what flavors are you going to make?? Let me know if you want some suggestions.... there r soo many Red Bottoms over it ALL > I think you nailed that one. Good idea. We're on it. the piece is my favorite standard unit of measure. and for you, rainbows. Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for your youth educational programs. Lol Wow he was so adorable back then :3 like a little baby bunny Lol XD and Im 17 You?? :) Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called "friends"! I hate you so much no words can describe right now. I really hope they don't need me at work today.. I don't feel like working lol. “RT : Dr. Paul Q. Judge is a name out of Central Casting for a mad scientist, or a James Bond villain. cc #Pindrop” Ewww jerks!! Fabian and Cesar are still my favvv busting out the clubs tomorrow with Partnering with FL Dept. of Agriculture on new Wahi initiative. Time for some Fresh From Florida seafood! A growing number of people in the UK plan to cut back on their spending this year, a survey suggests. Uh oh....I think I have a crush. *sighs* Call me an optimist but I think this CSI:Vegas team is going to solve this murder in about 55 minutes or so. You're welcome! Have a great class! [DS] Bustin Sherlock's and heady tings in the stu! Just know, they always come back. A sweet good morning and goodnight text every once in awhile would be nice. Wishing that #libraries would consider video games as a viable format and catalog them as such. Outstanding effort tonight JH. D owned that field! I have to paint. It's what I do. Whether I sell or not. But I have to sell to keep painting. Balance. I'm always looking for balance. Ooh!!? Hello my old friend... #LunchOutside maybe at alki at dukes? Headed Home Had Fun Wit #Oomf Nw She Done Fell Asleep On Me Wishing you a wonderful Easter, a beautiful spring, and a song in your heart all year. Followed back!<3 Today the Red Dress Collection #Fashion Show kicking off in New York to support a national awareness campaign for women about heart disease! What do these dumb bitches not get about being in a library? Stfu Dear Kate Upton & Bryce Harper: you're both too young for everybody else. Just start boning already lol when are u comin back to church so u can get saved....Again lol At the office for some serious work today. all these females saying they don't like ice cream they lie they all love that "Big Stick" People who have built community here RT : Q4. Who would you like to hear about at CIW Talk: Cities at #CIW2012? The thing is, I actually enjoy grading one assignment. It's only in aggregate that they get so oppressive. Congratulations on your invitation and nomination to ! We look forward to welcoming you in the near future! ^bw I've never read his stuff. I was baffled when he got famous; several of my friends went to HS with him, including Ugh, sending good thoughts. Hope you are ok. About to go workout anybody want to join me Did you hear Chris Brown's new hit? It's his fist hitting Rihanna's face. Terribly sad. Maurice Sendak dies at 83 - wrote "Where the Wild Things Are." via yeah for 2 days but were going to the Bahamas Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus. Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday. What a wonderful night!! It was so great to be celebrate and support the DC dance community! The song is like 15 years old. How come people that write for Spin / AV Club / etc still refer to " Cop Killer" as a "rap" song? and I will be there at #LaughNowForAutism Can't wait! Thank you to my friends for only posting vague comments on how mindblowing #MadMen was this weekend. I really need to catch up! (I'm in... Looked over to getting mad as her mouse didn't work but she didn't know it was actually mine :L Jamber at 858 Folsom St.! Wine in kegs/on tap & opening in July. Don't forget: Great Westside Family Easter Event tomorrow - April 23 - gates open 9am - www.kuik.com for full story. heading out to NYC at 5am so no fun other than the Wilco for this boy tonight. Time to work it out. Hello Monday. getting my feet wet Recital at 2 today, everybody should come! :) <U+0001F46F> Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year! hahahahaha that tweet was the cutest Golf please.... ON #WISCONSIN!!! Guys I'm so happy right now I wanna go to bdubs today, Who wants to go? Proud of the team. The only company that has SHIPPED #gamification for Salesforce, Jive, & IBM. It does say, "This space is not meant for banner ads or other promotions." hey hey hey. did you change jobs? how are you? catch up soon? saw Full Service at Stubb's on Fri night. Cool show! Stop by today before, during, or after the Cubs game for $4 Great Lakes beer, $4 Absolut Peppar Bloody Mary's and $4 Mimosa's I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season. Is it weird that upon finishing a book on my Kindle, I want to buy a hard copy & stick it on my shelf? lmao I don't hate you! send us your resume!!! :) STARMAKERS tonight at Stage AE with Gary Racan and the Studio E band! Don't wait around for something to happen this week, take it to the streets. Pound the pavement! Forgot to mention, my buddy George is an ex Marine that served in Nam, who's also currently collecting for ToysforTots! I'm experiencing terrible AT&T data. SMS is really flakey. Join us this Friday for our black love panel! 6pm at the center! Awesome! Thanks for the shout out!! Hettie & Leandre rescued from Puppymills in PA. Sarah Sue from KY. All the cats were local here in Charlotte. I agree, and would say 12 notes, but it wasn't my original quote! I was quoting Ruth Ross. Great win for the Chicago Fire!!! Is wish I was there tonight. goodmorning, heard you last night. Do you sing in English? In regards to my book deadline this week, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. But it's gonna get dark first. Real dark. I miss my ride or die .. Come bak into my life ! Forrest Gump just hit me directly in the heart. Beautiful. Between that and Friday Night Lights I've decided I am marrying a southern gal. cause each cheek had a life of it's own. i MUST BE IN HEAVEN, CAUSE i'M STARING AT AN #ANGEL WHOS STARING BACK AT ME! please notice me!!! please 4 “: Working on a food shoot for with in Southie.” Well. Ok. I'll take one pitch into a double play. Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty. - John Ruskin, (1819-1900). God pays, but not weekly wages. Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute. Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team... Don't forget, we're selling Comedysportz tickets in OSI! $4 a piece! The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don’t go back to sleep. (Rumi) Ignore my email. It saved it ok!!! "they are the definition of dope...ness" Sea Box The Sea Box shipping container company in East Riverton, N.J. ( Video by Laurence Kesterson / Staff Photographer) Happy Mother's Day! hahaha I was just listening to them today! They're working on New music now! Life is interesting it takes you places you and down curve you never thought of #ala11 Yes, work from assets, not from deficits! My brother was one of the Lynn students in Haiti. Do you know the names of the four missing??? When are the Feb poker invites going out? I never seem to be quick enough on the trigger - looking for some inside info! oh no don't tell me that! Entreé specials tonight @ Proprietor's Reserve - Seafood Chile relleno, bacon wrapped shrimp, surf & turf, ahí tuna & plenty of vino where you cool ladies @? Meetup tonite? Or Monday? OH GOD I KNOW WHAT THAT'S FROM IMNOW IT I VE HEARD IT UNCA members, watch your mail for 2011 membership renewal information. Thanks for letting us support your work - here's to a great 2011. follow me please? :) Visited El Gaucho in Bellevue last week. Perfect place to celebrate my birthday. Nice to be welcomed back by GM David Scherling. RT RT : After the documentary, the room was speechless in the General President's suite I am doing great sugar. How is life in bogota? \m/ ugh ghetto kids that evolve into ghetto people = the reason the economy sucks. Thanks! Always nice to have more pix! West Baltimore so proud that is bring good amd new people to our fair city. Good luck too all running especially in order to get the other prize you need to get more people to follow me... okay. Orlando is always busy... lol leave my class room please i can smell you from here ! Excited that I'm at tonight's #lisagor2012 awards. So much talent and so many great stories are in the room. let's get together sometime during the week so we can like try to plan it and stuff :) when do you not work ? That's crazy how ppl still see the "like me" video.... even tho its not up anymore..... KEEP WATCHIN!!!! Breakfast sandwich would be awesome. Or a wrap w a corn tortilla. All the breakfast items look great! moral of the story, get Foursquare No I'm not? O.o don't worry I will not let drunk mara have them <U+263A> #BASKETBALLWIVES why are these women so angry or is it the editors making them look like this? We have so much going on. But we are glad to be busy I'll be there! :) (Have I mentioned I love the aquarium?) Studies show that obese people eat too much. Omg I saw the craziest skittles commerical ever! Smh....not gona lie it was funny but just wow something I wouldn't expect. Rated X though i cant stop listening to more than this. one of my faves and stand up :) Laying on the hammock relaxing at the lake... Waiting for the king and great friends to arrive :) Looking at an amazon shopping cart with $300 worth of home karaoke upgrades & feeling very conflicted... do I purchase? HTC One X hints at iPhone 5 challenges Next Friday - NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only - no cover all night! I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos. The next time you seek perfection pursue "Better then Perfect". The growth that comes through learning through imperfection. Morgan Freeman is the best! Haha...I'm pretty sure our wonderful mother gave you the #cousinssubs gift card. But I certainly hope you enjoyed it! are you a big Cass fan? Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.8: 27 colleges & universities in Western New York. $$$ is my motivation Goldie chorus could knock harder. I'm pretty sure lady gaga was elton john in a past life OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :)ILYShawty<3 I don't feel good at all. Sitting.. sitting.. more sitting.. God I love school. Wait. Are you sure you want to do that? I mean, REALLY sure? How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring? BIG LYLE!! Can we get. Deca yeah? well it tastes better with pineapple lol. was she reporting inaccurately or what she pretending to be someone she wasn't? well that's cool lolol :3 we did it! Great meeting you! Loved it! - can't wait for Season 2 to start! You're hurting my feelings, -le cries- Kid at the library wants to rap but none of his friends will "set a beat" for him. You should always have a friend willing to be a beatbox HA lucky betch Bon Iver is playing club tonight..Love for him to sing me to sleep. i saw that! that's crazy! #WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :( HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STEVEN!!!! We need to try everything Jared and savannah did!!!!! Im sorry i didnt mean too hung up get the phone in white =] I'm not seeing what the issue is. We decided u should come out. Therefore..... RT After Effects CS6 announced! Built-In 3D Camera Tracker, 3D Text extrusion & Performance Caching. Don't know her religion. Ethnicity-wise, she's African-PanEmian, I believe. RT Important Hunger Games question: Is Rue Jewish? I misses you too <\3 Interactivity/connectivity is remarkable for distance learning. This allows you to connect with students across the globe... #annconf great to spend a few days back in LA, and the conversation has been great. I'm off to the airport and back to Ann Arbor! Dwight's back on "Real Housewives"!!! But he's been reduced to planning parties for 1-year-old's Well, I gained like 20 followers sense yesterday and I'm guessing from my tweets. They're GENIUS!! We're entering an interesting stage: #4profit institutions can cause others to pay attn to #elearning more than ever before. -Mulgrew Someone should create a or directed at kids and kids sites. Getting feedback from kids is a tough problem. Twit is another tool celebs use to pretend to care about the ppl who put $ in their pckt. In reAlity they only connect w/higher class celebs AFL-CIO calls on Congress to set aside politics of 1%, old game of special favors for Wall Street & turn to business of real job creation. Anybody have a good recipe using Malibu Rum? On sale now for only $23.99 (1.5L). i have exams 2moro i ddnt study;) We talking bout homework ? Homework ?! Now a test ... not a final ... We talking bout homework , what we talking bout lol #SocialMediaTip never get mad when it isn’t necessary I wish! Are you going Sammi? Can't wait for season 6! Congrats on all ur both doing! #bigthings xo Currently on my way back to Westport on the world's most crowded train Girl Me Too I Want Some Chicken_ you should make a tinychattttt. you never do ); Dancin in the dark ! Rumor mill... CBGBs summer music festival in the works for July. Ohh my gosh, I'm tired. Trying not to fall asleep in class right now. I am aware that accomplishment is more than a great idea. It's timing too. I feel like I should watch #Taken tonight! Tomorrow #IndiaorBust ... #kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH It's so hard to get motivated to go back to work after lunch Happy Easter to all my peeps. Have a good day ! Inbox >300 Monday, worked it down to 15 today! Now to get all that information out to you all in comprehensible form. Rain is good luck, Take 2! Go Mark and Erika! #MarkandErika 2012 Sorry friend! Not even close........ nope, not even close. That awkward moment when everyone starts texting you asking you about your fight and you're just like YOLO When American hip hop merely makes money for rich white entertainment CEO's, it becomes a tool of oppression. Truth and money do not mix. no, but I swear that entered my mind a minute later! I can see my desk again! The new year can officially start now. lmao your welcome :D miss you to :) how sad of you I'm really sorry any huge Packer fan deserves a follow thanks so much!! Blackmon would be nice. if they trade out of #4 spot my guess is he'll be gone. MT : I'm playing at tomorrow night from 10pm - 2am. Come see me! Voight-Kampff question: You pass a young woman in a busy crosswalk. She is talking on a cell phone and openly weeping. How do you feel? Whoever decided that selling strawberry muffins at Sam's Club was a good idea is a god ii can't believe im so mad this early in the fckn morning! I look forward to the Serenity-esque feature film resolution. Get thee to the writers room and make it happen! :) RT : I'm just glad they blogged unlike your group. :) Had a dream was singing dig to and she started crying... HAHA. Gandering at things you want, but can't have. At least, that's how I eventually doze off lol Be aware that the pound of flesh each parent seeks from the other may well come from your child. Please DM us with any suggestions/enhancements to this campaign. You're the man. I got a 90% on my English EOC and a 95% on my farenheit test and my fucking semester is still stuck at an 87% Hidden by Helen Frost did that! It used a word at the start of each line to create another poem/insight. If its not about us then erase John 3:16 from the bible. And guess what? 900,024 more tweets till i reach 1 million! haha When I was a teen we would skip school and ride the bus to the #Tigers opener at historic Tiger Stadium every year. Kids still do that? Chicken crusted with almonds You are right. it is silly to actually hold her accountable for her losses which have hurt the movement Britney On XFactor Teaching this weekend Urban Flow, get wit it. "True story" is the phrase thats gonna take the place of "real talk" Yesterday's Crosstown Shootout brawl an embarrassment to Cincinnati. Need accountability or discontinue. Tuantuan ranching is probably Hoth's number one enterprise for this very same reason. Im on da bus. We out to da fair with my bestie #Boston #Worst winner goes to Metro Boston News for advertising Camel Snuff Tobacco on the Back Page of yesterdays #Boston #Marathon edition Round 2 good one I STILL NEED MAHOMIES FOR MY VIDEO!!! Tweet me a pic of u holding a sign that says 'Love you Austin!' or something like that oh, ya know, closing with the guy who doesn't know/do shit. Losing my sanity. Nbd. I knew I could count on you. Going to update the Wikipedia page now! what happen at school..that why you the #NBA is still a thing? New beginning... new day Go see tonight at the 92Ytribeca. Wish I could go! Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film. Going to tour my dream college this summer: University of Pennsylvania <3 The #heat vs #knicks series features 3 of my least fav players bron melo and baron the entire breakfast club is crazy. Thata remix is some funny s@#$ I have to listen to ita every morning. Feel better! :) RT : Been sick the past two days so haven't been tweeting /: probably won't be tweeting much today either what are you looking to buy? God I can never get Greyson to follow me you are lucky I sure will. I haven't Been home since Christmas nice during the summer yes, winter not so much Ive got the moves like jagger. LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin. Any1 live in Michigan?? A willingness to learn always comes through in an interview or an email (or class for that matter!). Seems so simple. Off to Providence, RI today for a great adventure! thank you & thank you! :) Ten years ago today, I came to the US to stay 6 months. The rest is history. <U+0001F612> RT : I played soccer with my crush today. Best day ever! There was a shooting @ loretto hieghts university. Dont know if anyone is hurt. Watching now. Live very close alot of police. Hi Christopher! How did the apartment search go a few weeks ago? Had 6 rows of BMW work cars that came in the detail department. Sale day today was actually busy, haha. At least at the detail department. don't you DARE abandon #cville! OH: Hey, why you wearing socks…you got a date or something? since no longer employed by mothership, can we get Sarah Philips on show tomorrow??? : ) Free Library branches play central role in Philly neighborhoods, could be site for projects involving residents' knowledge. no reason. We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all : Not opposed to voting structure change, but wants different representation as opposed to two from Sparks, Reno and Washoe. "Fumble OSU....handing out footballs like autographed footballs." --Less practice time due to players having 2 attend classes. oh can I just go back to kindergarten when my only worry was snack time and nap time pleasee There is a difference between truth and facts. welcome to Twitter, dude! (& the Madison orbit) Kate Wilson of , on #ebooks - must define and design them so kids understand that real books are not "broken" Follow cause he post some funny shit! Lol meeeeeh To My New Followers - no way! what happened? x ATL Baby Is Where I Reside <3 Wednesday 7:30. Meeting at PushPush for a revolutionary project in film and live theater hybrids. Mr. Meriwether. Come out n hear more. just had another one of those moments where you realize just how transformative tablets will be. Cool, just saw that. Mails soon. Thank you so much, Lisa. Have a good night! Are you in knitting club?? lol The Bad Plus t-shirts and CDs available starting tonight. VINYL starting Friday. Don't miss out! This is heartwarming! “For a while, he had to lay down in the back of his mother’s van..." Its coffee time ! Come enjoy our happy hour cocktails or order a hamburger cooked just the way you like it here at Sandia Springs Lounge! Time is "NOT" on your side, so what are you waiting on? I freestyle in my head on Sunday mornings Ye Idk why this bitch thought she could text me like ain't shit happened I can always tell when a dude ... nvm. Thank you so very much for the blog review! Happy Extortion Day to you as well I think you mean a doughnut. Not enough, as usual! Can't believe Kentucky and Indiana aren't gonna play basketball against each other anymore. What's next? No more UK/UL? Damn where's the love in Tweet World? #NoKissesTweetHearts Lol!!! “: DAMN, no lie, the #SPURS have a deep team...” - they sure do. They are liven up now. Can I please get a follow back? Happy Mothers Day! :) <3 I just want today to be over with.. :( Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum yep Jim Leyland is the new Earl Weaver Have fun! Where is the race? Thanks for the #shoutout Back at 'cha! “ Failure doesn't come from falling down... Failure comes from not getting up.” Huge pickup for the #Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force Mandatory Leadership Games meeting on Thursday, April 12th, 2012 from 7 p.m.-8:00 p.m. @ Akers Rm134. Get in touch if you need any assitance “The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.” One $17 ticket left to sell before we hit our goal and can help this needy family! www.ProjectFlipmode.org do you know any good #deepdishpizza places in #Chicago ? I need foodie help! Almost an EMERGENCY! Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle. 2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine. Any other college kids think that moving your room back to normal at the end of the year is exactly like playing 'Unblock Me'... Thanks. Definitely wanted that one in my schedule. Basically, the Heat just have to concentrate all their energy on stopping Melo, and this will be over pretty quick back to the boondocks .. Wyd doin besides that Thank you! We are looking forward to the new website. cool. Then at least you promised to visit us. Can't ask for more than that. :) bout 2 c the hunger games Saturday with my dad and sister :) Attorneys in redistricting case have finished presenting evidence. Recess until 7 then closing arguments begin. yeah man crazy aint it didn't think she was cut throat but I didn't put it past her Impromptu after dinner dance parties always leave us one dance partner short.... "If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it." just saw the tweet girl havent on this shit for a minute... Ya power hour... How could i forget it is like a dirty slurpee Why the f*ck I'm not in your BIO! Don't make me come down there & put this d*ck on you ;) Life isn't about finding yourself-Life is about creating yourself–download- InSpotter app Hey girl, I was going to email you today! k jerk Great times in Grants Pass. Headed back to Pdx with ringing ears. Thanks for all the love! Thanks for the RT Life is what happens when you’re thinking up stupid aphorisms. National Basketball Association Playoff Game Capsules - Chicago Tribune kobe is getting old:/ Happy Monday Huskies! Good luck on finals! Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics. I went into the trailer with zero expectations and came out impressed. If nothing else, looks like they're using every cliche Just got back from the NGA. Recommended: the first label of "The Sacred Made Real" exhibit. Anyone else hear an explosion/rumble in Menomonee Falls this am? I didn't get an invite... I refuse to answer! I'd like to rally for the beach block party with the mermen... I did that thing again where I fell asleep with my computer in my bed. And I think we might have cuddled. Felling sore after getting lost earlier today on my walk. I took a new walking route and 2 hours later got back. Two mile walk turned to six Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up sofuffmagazine.com Thanks! Turbos were designed to make good cars faster not to get your massive suv off the line and up to 10mph. Spending some time with my family before I head to the airport to go home. I wish they were coming with me. We still are. He's with me every day. If I only knew then... :) Goin down north to visit Unk! www.arillenblaylock.com is up and running for its life!! :) And I guess that's why Egypt has allowed to build rocket factories in the #Sinai - because MB swore off terror! Huh? What if I was really Buddha Sex Ain't Better Than Love for sure! Love is the ultimate feeling and what I am seeking! well that's a good thing...i think. anyone have any of those days where u just feel majorly terrible all day.. :/ today is tht day for me... Swimmingly! Would have gone even smoother if my feet hadn't fallen asleep a quarter thru the last mile. Ain't done this in a while....damn o.0 lol OH! Good for you!:) His backswing is ridiculous. Always has been. that's better!lol Next #ypnchat will be in June! Topic, date, and time still TBD but be on the lookout for #socialmedia postings about it. Thank you for the Retweet LOVE :) really appreciate you coming on the today. Today is more beautiful then yesterday! Im making a smoothie & heading for my tuesday morning Yoga...Happiness is walking home on the lake! Yahoo meyn that was cool yow !!!! Been doing it for a decade, almost, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. One single typo and it's back to square one. Anymore than most people need to know how to build a house, fix a car, or do their own electrical work anything to keep a smile on my sweety pie 's verse on decatur psalm >>>> As a break from packing looked at some #ReadingStreet materials to begin to get a handle on things No way! hahaha I gotta check that out. Do you have a link? does she? My prayers are with Rev. Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy @ his mother's funeral on tomorrow. We're going to see #BigTimeRush tonight at #Universal #Orlando. Come enjoy #MardiGras with us. Is there a recipe somewhere? with 22 points with 12:02 in the half, the #Badgers have 6 more points than they managed in the first half of the 1st round loss last yr. Yeah, why? i know i am too yeah not too bad. Makes choosing the best a lot easier. I shot a LOT more when I was shooting digital. A LOT more. Orioles and Red Sox are playing in the 16th inning. Wowza! I'm just curious. What would your alter-ego be, if you had one? Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting. Are you listening, United? Stop separating parents and young children on flights! Who is talkin about? Hopefully partying it up with ma girl tomorrow, <3 love yoouuuuu Rates for mailing direct marketing materials, invoices, & account statements are on the rise. Let Advanced Mailing Svcs reduce your costs. every night is a party Look alive!! I think a lot of people just don't get how hilarious Spivak is. She is a wit. great and normal , I was grounded last weekend , and It was terrible :/ idk if It was ever official. Idk if it ever will be bc of monoply issues with the government k, it will probably be sometime tomorrow. i'm at work then i've got the fam coming over for dinner. Wife is heading out. Time for me and my son to watch I'm flamin the $hit outta this nigga when he done with his page. ;-) Where's my mace ? Dear microwave, why is my plate so hot, yet my food so cold? Dude, Fielder sent that ball screaming!! Go #Tigers! Starved...cant eat but need to congrats!! I expect to see some funny shit from you! probably by the weekend? haven't touched the camera since coming back. Im scared to date in trenton anymore. Errbdy dun had errybdy already ! It simply starts out wit a Fatal error: Call to a member function getImage() on a non-object in /usr/local/www/data/opencollection/tag_game/index.ph... Brand New + Unit Six + Friday = APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW! YELLOWCARD. BLINK182. RAMALLAH. BRAND NEW let me know when you send them hints Such a beautiful day out side! Jk its down pouring! Tired as fuck....do I say fuck too much? Ah, who cares.. UL player Rakeem Buckles has arrived and is having lunch. my tits only get smaller & smaller, i swur Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think! it's reverse biblical, he's the only one who stuck with you. I'm stuck on baby names tho I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me i love u so much have a greatday(: Time for ice cream <U+0001F601><U+0001F366> happy birthday doll! I hope it's a glorious one! are you coming to the SA debate this Friday? I bought a new glass pipe. All I wanna do is use it n go eat free samples at whole foods. It's Wednesday. Almost everyone is wearing jeans. Hi What are you up to now? Still by any chance? Melissa, It gave me goosebumps and I cried when she said " Hi Dad" Made me hopeful that my mom is still with me watching over us Most women eat for two when they are pregnant. I say, "Why wait?". One life. One stomach. Go! What would you do if you found Austin in your room?? ;) most excellent. thank you!! Pleasure to meet you :) Day 82 of 100: I am thankful for gym in the morning. And my wonderful friends. “: Just wrapped location scouting for the shoot this Saturday. So excited!!” yeah! We are too! ah, my most prolific inventions are made on the 'weapon of ass reduction' as well. ooh wee! Stand the fuck up! There will eventually b sun; keep ur home cool & comfortable when it arrives! RT & make a free Energy Advocate appt! www.smartenergypays.com o huh bruh,,what been good though son Sixers getting schooled so far. Looking rusty out of the gate.... So is tanned, fit Frank Sabotka always on The Office, or is it just this week? I haven't watched in a while. Deucebrand watch giveaway...coming soon RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries. WHO HAS SKYPE? LET ME ADD YOU. Carlie!!!!! We need to hangout today!! :o If you want to be loved...be lovable. Anderson tells GOP rejection was "mean-spirited." Says she's not sure she'll take Dayton's offer. Thanks! IBM is handing out Big Data books. I did think David Barnes was an excellent speaker. Weird question: Anyone know of any video of (Kevin Michael Richardson) doing a Captain Kirk impression? Supposed to rock it. yep I always get them speeds up recovery and I have to be able to sing Thanks for sharing the bike sign up form w/ ! We can't wait to see all of you guys next weekend! Watching 2 guys that are priorities for us in this 2:30 game. They would look really good in UD navy blue! Fall season is filling up quickly. No spots left on Thurs. Tues & Wed nights still open. Kinda makes me feel slutty. Woo hoo! We have 30 likes, y'all! :) It's ABSOLUTELY NOT that states decision to make that carrying cash means they can take it from you. That is total Bullshit. Watching #OnceUponATime . You guys keep my wife and I glued week after week. James Dean mother fucker. Happy bday to me est Standard time Bob Dylan and Toni Morrison to Receive Presidential Medal of ... im done at six im not going through anymore files When we can access our feelings and express them responsibly, our emotions move us away from pain and toward pleasure. Watching mortal kombat while the lil one sleeps NEEDS T0 ST0P BEiNG A CHiCKEN AND GET A DAMN TATT00! I love lady marmalade(; Be sure to check out Augustana's Twitter feed -- and log your hours for the free volunteer concert at www.10KHoursShow.com yep boneless wings are like 40 cents. 7 AM, put together #thegameoflife and needed to read the directions three times, should not be so realistic Interesting. I'd love to talk more w/you sometime about that, whether here or elsewhere. (re: libraries & digital publishing) Omg Lil Chop Chop is comein back I havnt see that niqqa in years Can we call it nap time? Or rather lets call it a day? NSPCC East Midlands Child's Voice Appeal just received £5k donation following Lincolnshire launch. well done Ayers: "Have to build DH that connects with core methods of trad scholarship." "That's how you get tenure." ANVIL will help. My mind isn't ready for this trip. Also I bruised the arch of my foot trying to clean a light fixture. scored 3 in bottom of the 9th to tie then won in 10! You? oh, just kidding. the brakes on the other car are shitty so I can't take it-___- staying in my house all day then.. wanted to tell you, I had skin cancer in exact same spot. Are peanut M&Ms considered breakfast food? haha I'm sneaky like that! Can't wait to start my workouts in the morning, I'm so ready. I believe in the Sasquatch too. Paging Mr Herman-Clooney. RT : Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney. Vidal on the students: "They're already here, they have not dropped out of school, they do not have criminal records" Thanks for the link, Cathy! Today is the last day of some of your life.. as well as the fist day of some of your life.. - Too broke to fly this year! How can we add a ticket for me on Santa`s list this year. Tonight is the last night I ever watch the Tonight Show. NBC, if it weren't for Heroes and Sunday Night Football, I'd dump your butts! we'd like to invite you to attend our Builder Exchange event - it would be great to get your insight there. Did TV taping today with member at en espanol Mr. Roker, people on the west coast need to know scrapple! Nothing better than when Harry met Sally GOOD LUCK!! I really enjoyed your portrayal of Maxie! If you haven't been to Summer Moon Coffee shop in Austin, TX you've never really woken up. Your whole life has been a dream... Just currious, how old were you when you bought your first home? I went to my first Mavs game last night! :) Not a rangers game yet :( you have fun!!! If you want a daughter like that then go fujking get her. Cant say anything in this house. My jaw is in some serious pain today Lift weights, keep it simple, be specific Definitely a night to remember... Or do we just embrace the role of aesthetic editing in conservation treatment? talking bees, dancing, nectar, and little kids learning science at Sweet! Unsure how Mark Reynolds is a starting 3B in the Bigs. A Common Engine plays for your vote at the Up & Under Pub tonight! 10:30 start! Most votes = #Summerfest! Another great clip Very true and undervalued In the age of ESPN What's wrong? Here come the students, let the busiest part of the day begin! Scott finna get his title yeayea Trying to use TweetDeck. Confusing anyone? MS Patch Tuesday heads-up: 7 bulletins, 23 vulnerabilities who gives you these cute little names??? Project pat, predictable pat now .....<333 Fantastic menu and dinner at The Bristol tonight! Thanks Come on FreeWilly2,The Magic of Flight & TheHills shouldn't be in my Top10. Only one you got right was NeverSayNever listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 10 Did you do it? RT : I would like to say "thank you" to all the followers who told me to take Rodgers first overall Surprised they didn't try shooting at the Papermill… Dance for yourself, if someone understands good. If not then no matter, go right on doing what you love. -Lois Hurst First day back to work! getting used to the feel of my mouse and keyboard again... Just used Yelp's monocle feature on my Android phone. Cool for someone with a poor sense of direction and a desire to research everyrhing. i can never eat a whole box of mac & cheese.. why?! Me too! So excited! Join the 's tonight for our debate between and . Tweet at me for more info. Why do I have this urge to cry but I feel no tears coming out ? is picking up take-out from Green Leaves and looking forward to a chill night :-D It's better to give, so it's best to re-give? Graphic novel review: RE-GIFTERS by Mike Carey, Sonny Liew & goo.gl/rMYeV And generally a terrible one, at that. Spent a lovely day yesterday at Terry's Wisconsin home. Good food, good company, good time! Emerging theme concerning animal-mineral proprioception. SmogCheck We're open M-F 8am-5:30pm Sat. 8am-3pm call if you have any questions or would like to make an appointment 951-247-0557 aw I'm sorry soon bb soon I'm really thinking bout joining bike club Byebye Chase! Hello, LA Federal Credit Union. Closed my Chase account yesterday... and good riddance. You got that right. I don't give a damn who likes it, I'm always gonna be just me. I don't ever pretend to be someone I'm not #np If There's Love by Citizen Cope *hugs you tight* how have you been? <333 RT : I wanna go to Di Pasquales..italian food..yum.. Having to go find public wifi bc the hotel connection is slower than dial-up #everfeellike there aren't true real friends anymore? Has to sleep on the couch tonight. #ohjoy -_- Kind words are never wasted. Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places Thanks! I will. #ff next week at ! why thank you. Just beat in KC and he claims he got a gameplay lol Nice meeting you today ! Thanks for showing us around :) Attention! Follow this local wino: Now on train in Southampton heading back to London for last stage of #TourofBritain, might actually do some research afterward. Why did he do that Hmm what to do today ??? Riddle Time: The longer you hold on to me the hotter I get? What am I? A: My checks last month. Lotta hours of driving ahead. Be in Texas soon enough. Colleague tested the link I sent, and logged in successfully. So, must be the warm weather! Whewwww. laborous day indeed: i worked really hard at opening my eyes this morning. Finally home from school...celebrating 4/20! a little bit of texas... Because she's smart, funny and her new avi makes me giggle. Let's play a show early next year! Fire alarm. awesome. adam staash or steven hart in a race?? #Ugh! Really want this cold to go away. It sucks that me and my baby girl are both sick. Back to the boyfriend's tomorrow. Miss him. (: Were u that badly in need of a pair of size 11 1/2 cleats? Hey teepeople, who wants to see something very funny? Go to YouTube type in " Grandson gets brain freeze Umm is the Cuse the double secret overall #1? Seems like an easier bracket to me. @ you can try it wont work its basically day dreaming... Thanks for following! ~ Did u Bring ur Golf Clubs? Marty B and I hv tee-x's Wed & Fri. Thanks Robin! BUT..I am still shocked. LOL! At casino waiting for mom to try her luck! RT : ok question for yall wut would u rather have money or happiness => happiness for sure, but add the money for less stress! I need to start 2 of these 3 today- Ahmad Bradshaw, Mark Ingram or Kevin Smith -Thanks for your help. I want a small dog I can fit in my purse. I always have, I think they're so cute!! Thanks for the follow All in da burbs in a town u neva seen before. #SmokeBloopers when you laughed so hard all the weed went everywhere in the car. Hahahah RT : #Rockies locked I'm done arguing with these knuckle heads that have no FACTS to back up they're stance. I won't entertain it anymore. For once can there by a boy tht i meet tht's not an asshole! :/ #spriteslam Kevin hart dumb aha I think we can official start blaming the current administration for the silly things it says and does and leave behind the Bush. Dig that? really good If you follow I will send Justin bieber 2 DMs for you just tweet me when you did We're now tied. If he scores or steals a base, I lose. Thanks for following my personal COMING SOON: Moving On Tour poster! data point? I woke up this morning playing our song and through my tears I sang along. hey Ian "The brand is defined by what people say about you." -Paul Holmes ...the celebrations continue with a flying monkey, a stroll through 40,000+ pictures & videos of the kids to date, and a 2nd party on Sunday Meeting Wednesday with for the video treatment I love your hair, i love your style, i love the way you make me smile, what can i say? you're one of a kind, and 24/7, you're on my mind :) Let my love take you higher . Cause I still TURN TO YOU </3 i'd love to hear some - "So Many Girls" getting wild F-ck it, round two now Work it out, then we cool down Cool down <U+E326> oh, that's right, PLL is coming back. i almost forgot. As an athlete, you study the plays & practice them with the team to prepare for the big game. PR is no different. ball do hard NFL want fine me I'm neither Thanksgiving OR a pilgrim. WQED has officially arrived at Heinz Hall for tonight's PSO broadcast at 8pm! This is eerie. Not a car on Wilshire as I look out my office window. Street closed, hushed. Any1 know what's going on in Westwood right now? Can you trust a brotha who's never had an Afro? I don't think so. hey follow back? :) 2 hours straight of standing while looking at a mini notebook. >.< It's horrid. lol lmao he didn't want it with Common Love you to ! aw thanks. Just remember, if you drink, don't drive, do the watermelon crawl. Ron Artest: supreme douche of the highest level. she's fucking amazing Has any rebup president overturned Roe vs. Wade? No. I stopped being a one issue voter a long time ago. be careful! Praying for you all! He is trash as an umpire. That's the other thing about him, His mouth is just as bad as his umpiring. Now that the meth-dealing Malcolm in the Middle dad look alike is gone, I don't know what to do with my life. Yes, love it! The myth that libraries are quiet could be fun to test, too. Reportedly, just broke GitHub. Term paper topic: Effect on US Founding Fathers of Classical Political Thought. Source suggestions? If you would like to get involved in a habitat improvement project please check out the link provided for more details. Doing the final edits on Pasadagavra .... writing is fun, editing not so much.... how is everything in Europe today? i think i'm going to let melatonin do it's job. there is no way i'm falling asleep before 4 I had a good halloween wbu?? =) good win,at some point, I will see the trophy drive right by my house on I65N on its way back to the NCAA HQ,prob in 2014 or so Idk how long it's gonna take me to tell you the truth. get um boy NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM Schiphol! Just flew from there last Wednesday. just a test tweet Will Middlebrooks ! #RedSox Is this kid for real? Had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in a while...alot of fun! Laying on fingernail polish is not good... ryno natural born leader. knows what it means 2 be a cub. deserves chance. cubs r dropping the ball BARTMAN STYLE! If all you are going to do is complain you can leave my office right now Great seeing you play for the past 16 seasons. Someone who played the game the correct way! Grading AP US history homework Listening to Pepe Romero play Concierto de Aranjuez over the loudspeaker backstage here Audience just went nuts. ok it is :) I will dm u the password & email :) I hadn't...yet. Any fit differences between the 11s and 12s? Watermelon Festival today! See you in #CaryTown, #Richmond! I've added to the edtech list thanks! Deportation can occur as a result of an immigrant being convicted of a criminal act; in lieu of incarceration DONT ASSUME WHAT U KNOW ABOUT PEOPLE THEY USUALLY TELL ON THEMSELVES IF U REALLY LISTEN. LIFE IS PEACEFUL CUZ I LIVE SUCKA FREE I will tune in. Wish I could make it in person.... SUP! I fOLLoW bAcK!!! ;D I need somebody to text. I'm in bed bored as heck. Bitch ii no myii abc's Thanks for the #FF shout-out, ! it's on his vevo If your a veteran or soon to be transitioning out of the military you need to follow Have a lot of jobs available for vets Haha of course I will =) I play by my own rules. Scare whenever applicable. Tease. Eavesdrop. Share snacks. :) Rye Rye Rocco....Marco Esquandolos....Been you to have any spliff...Man!!! yeah well Houston is kinda sticky but warm ....where ya at? Can't wait! RT : Great weekend in NYC with dear friends , , , , ,... Just left Carlos Bakery... My cupcake was delicious Phew track sure does have a lot of events..lol Take some time somewhere in your day to learn something for yourself. Otherwise, you will burn out. (V. true ) Need to hydrate for the night?? Come meet us on El Camino Real next to Ocean Minded in San Clemente "cops are the phone" "Robery" "marred" "they file" "assisinated." The news is awfully sad too. Thanks to our new followers!!! I dont know what the Caps were doing... They gave that game away Release the bats Awesome guys!! \m/ HURRAY! #kindness is spreading (: There's no one like you. I cant wait for the nights with you. Headed into work.. Will get my workout in around noon.. My first ever Tweet... Well I just started this today because of a class I had at CSB about social media. So lets see how it goes! I like your songs there great :) Journalism major? Follow us for more details thanks for the feedback! Always nice to hear. lol horror be the best ones ctfu but life one of my faves Go Girl! you guys are dumb would love to if we lived closer Is it just me, or does your iPhone (or other Smart Phone) make life SO MUCH EASIER?!?!? These gals are fightin on Ozone!!! Aw thanks Ness!!! You are to!!! Beautiful actually -smiles big- Sweet. One of the best times of year. The tomato menu is back. Fried green tomatoes with crab remoulade. Unreal. Go caps go rangers but most importantly go Will be interesting to see if FB actually integrates Instagram at all or is just using it to boost perceived stock price. Just did an ego google search for "Mahmud" and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb profile is one of the top results :D Ladies in Denver, watch out for Kobe tonight if the Lakers lose I got what u feen for you made baklava without me?! Shame on you and a curse on the house of Sharon and Arielle! “: #OneThingIDontLike DRY PUSSY”<U+0001F64F><U+0001F64C><U+0001F64C><U+0001F64F>AMEN<U+2755><U+2755> :D thank youu! this person stole my ipod and im hoping they are seeing the notifications. yeah i kknow right!! oh we are so badass it's not even funny watch us do 360 ball up without a base :) No he stole my crayon box. heck yeah A.Hamilton is a beast and do is the band... U def would love the live show I'll let you know when the #miracle happens. "Unlike fossil fuels etc, Sun #energy is free; it can be used without risking the birthright of our children. Sun is inexhaustible." Oh snap! lol they better not find a way to make me check my phone. Huge congrats to and on their AP/Google scholarships. Two great journo-techs I've had the pleasure of getting to know. When your so hungry that you could eat a pony.. Because Alhambra is close to downtown LA & China Town. It's a good location since it's not too far from all the commotion New designs, colors and materials coming your way very soon! its your world, I just live in it. Plus, your a friggin gangsta ... Philadelphia Flyers Interesting Game 1 Playoff Semifinals Facts: Fan&#39;s Take congrats on the new gig. I just came over to COF. Are you bringing some sushi treats on Monday?! you should follow me:) Approaching 2k on the ol twitter! Tell you friends to follow us! We'll put up something FREE when we cross the line Babe was here. will be awesome for sure 2 homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST. . Notice how kids today have no attention span? Too busy watching 19h38m of Harry Potter on a tough day you need tough self-love, not tough self criticism “: Casual Friday means I can casually have drinks on my lunch break, right?”samsummerFRiDAY I feel retribution coming... LOL stop following me if you never gonna respond to anything I say You're welcome! Hope to see you soon! I just saw Johnny Unitas in a piece of mint i wonna go to the #club and Oh snap...bring it on, these guys were online before most of us: After a night of sports reporting for I'm beyond #excited to hear that will be speaking next week. the difference is that Alabama didn't have tiebreakers or a better record than the other teams. It got in on ranking. If Twitter conversations are making the news, print journalism is dead...in Stockton, at least. we added you on LinkedIN and would love to pick your brain very soon. About to start reading "The Wind Through the Keyhole" by Stephen King. It's about his butt, right? It's coming to the US soon - stay tuned for updates. sowwyy Sam nxtt timer I promise :) I am amazed so many people at work don't know who Donna Summer is. Thanks! On both counts. NRBQ & Brinsley Schwarz all day. Wish I could have them both play my 30th birthday party. very impressive and about time. You will gain hundreds of new followers with the new style. I like your blog, I want to check out Touchstone by Melanie Rawn. Do you think I should read Dragon Prince first? "Swish, what a shame could have got picked had a really good game but you missed your last shot." #payphone #WizKhalifa #greatrap :) A pleasure! DM me the info on the work and maybe I can give you a hand. loved your on you sexy beast! I love chalk Yep! We need to get together at some point in the next few days! we may have been tweeting the same thing simultaneously. If you ever get divorced, I think that means one of us owes oral. Goal for Warped Tour 2012: hook up with i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 42 #history The annexation of Texas, and the attack on a 70 man U.S. Patrol north of the Rio Grande by a Mexico. 16 U.S. soldiers were killed. Chrysler recalling 127K Dodge Charger & Chrysler 300 vehicles; potential problems in electrical stability control, anti-lock brakes -Reuters Jammy Land RIP ...NO that place rocked the whatever the kids say these days...wtf when you here again? - You are most welcome and I look forward to sharing my experiences as a Pinterest noobie! that's actually what I said to a guy out here that was, a sure hard Michigan state fan lol We interrupt this slumber to bring you a pretty freakin' awesome thunderstorm. is dropping Lily off for a sleepover and then heading to Vail Thank you, It was a good time! All those times I was confused & in awe when peers would use lingo I didn't understand. now I just hate them for using lingo. I support a patient-centered approach to healthcare reform. We've been here 10 min n my lil sis just screamed mommy lost weight lmfao if only it could happen that fast. Stokes hall is going up on the dustbowl, More hall is coming down soon, eventually Edmonds too and a new Plex. And others. Apparently 5 minutes is the new 45 seconds. how much quickly ambitions die whilst older. DT has been strong against both Auburn and LSU, what does he need to prove? A steady O-line is much bigger issue for Ducks IMO Rock out with a free VIP trip to Lollapalooza from and ! It's not even my birthday <U+0001F370><U+0001F370><U+0001F370> Good job Alex! Even in the middle of a tornado? social networks don't break up relationships . the shit YOU post on social networks breaks up relationships In-flight wifi makes the trip to great this song hasn't stopped playing for the past 12 hours ... They were great that was supposed to be a smiley face! :) Excellent. P.S. I'm really digging your Jason Priestly T-shirt in your picture. Haha! let me keep this short and sweet you're the prettiest thing i ever did see (skin and bone ROAR) RT - Jus got a dope Cleveland Indians snap. Some real old school shit not the Mitchell n Ness I've never cared for someone so much as how I cared for you. Telling someone who self-harms to 'just stop doing it' is like telling a drug addict to sit in a room full of drugs and touch nothing. Ps...I'm drunk I wanted to throw up halfway through that. Hearing a bro tell his bros about craft beer. Totally want to give him a bro-five, bro. Crawl- Chris Brown Need to try something different..to get new results.... Tuesday is Tampa's Best Latin Night at w/ Son Salvaje going on at 8:30pm -Salsa lessons at 9pm! Head-banged to #Fearless by so much today, that I already knew the words before I saw the lyric vid. If it looks like shit, smells like shit, the odds of it being shit are likely. on council friday night, you need to be paid more! Motherfucking Black Keys tonight. Can't wait to wiggle. i may look calm, but inmy head i've already killed you three times Whats up man, just checked out like ten videos, love what I hear, we would love to work with her. Orphanz™ thanks for the RT! Crandall Medical center celebrates national nursing home week Just spilled my glass of wine :( I have a habit of doing that Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off and put on my hard-ass hat. But, this is serious. I love when you smile, but i love it even more when I'm the reason It feels good to be back home tho <U+0001F604> Lol ": RT : I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic<~~what Mr. Johnson not hating today????? Lmao" Is there a link for this? You have a good holiday as well. Thank you Happy Feet 2 for entertaining the kids while I enjoy awesome food and company. #CNN: The $2 billion LA Dodgers sale to GBM is complete. New ownership includes Earvin "Magic" Johnson (via ) "Everyday, 1 million people get the same idea for an invention. Only 1 makes it a reality. Are you 1 in a million Today?"—DJ(T&BNOV26) So we should have a slumber party in our basement is what you're saying? Nissan Infiniti Goes to China "Legends of Aviation" event last Friday. Call back for national commercial tomorrow. And meeting to pilot presentation on Thursday. watching tv ;o wbu ?(x The fact that Android sucks is irrelevant, as was the fact that Windows always sucked. The best products don't always win. Is there some sort of source for this description? Heritage High School Students Use Wake Electric's Newest Technology To Learn ... - Sacramento Bee im gettin the twitter updates on my phone thats next to me but im tweetin on my laptop... Internet? Let's do it. RT : Not YET there isn't... RT : please tell me there isn't Kenneth Branagh/ me slash. Intros are done. Questions beginning. A successful life is one that's lived through understanding and pursuing an individual's own path, not chasing after the desires of others. love ur song and video. U are truly are talented. #<3 walkaway I'll admit it, I even have Into The Now, and it's not entirely bad. searching for a Human Resources Manager in #Buffalo New York. FOOD MANUFACTURING Congratulations, Jean! So happy for you, and glad to have you for a colleague, too! n/p True: Same disadvantage as being on wsop.com Internet tables this summer editing, sorry. :) ESPN has the 2003 NFC Championship game with the infamous 4th and 26th, I feel like throwing up watching this game. That was funny. Anyone and everyone couldn't add up to how much you mean to me.<3 my new betrothed is very rich and lives near the lake in a big apt w/2 ladies RT : Glad to know The Quotable Hoose is going strong. #currentlyjamming Metal Thunder on I loved your book DDT. You've done something I've always wanted to do. Looking forward to the game this afternoon. You should never sign a loan or a line of credit document without fully understanding and confirming exactly what you are signing. Sorry for your loss. My prayers are going out to you. Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones. And I will try to fix you. Twitter is so better than facebook... What is the best way to record on screen activity to a video? I want to make a tutorial. TY but seriously, are you ok? I'm pouring myself a drink after reading that stat....thanks for that... Woo-hoo. Just got my iPad. Can only admire it, though, until the wi-fi base station arrives. Quote , "Whatever path you choose will work if you're fully committed to it." What are you willing to commit to? Dropping my car off @ the shop this morning and I'm hoping I'm not out of an arm and a leg! I need my limbs! Lol. Thanks! and a funky font too! I followed the three of you. :) Don't tase me bro! You're welcome! Introducing natalie portman to the black swan music instead of the theme from attack of the clones? This Oscar telecast is full of blunders You are right and - it is breeezyyy in Balboa today but still warm and pretty out! Defs still worth an afternoon trip! “: Wow Jersey Shore is so stupid.” -- it's beyond stupid Another great meeting with major network; Ringz business model chimes loud for major program owners In bus waiting for the Hawthorne bridge. Almost put my head down on chest, fingers in my ears trying to not hear conversation in front. RT : that's awesome!!!!! Love the pic.//yeah, he did a great job on the Getting ready for this spring... gonna be a good year... God. COLUMBUS. Really?! REALLY!??! Ugh... Still pissed. hey morgan how r u? will you follow me( we r friends on FB)? I know. But the sacrifice will be worth it!!! <U+E32E><U+E51A><U+E32E> I hear a rumor there is another Food Truck in another location on campus...10pts if you find it and let me know where it is! UK making a statement to the rest of the nation! We're loving all the Hollywood excitement outside today! Come bowl a few games, you might see some A-list celebrities while you're at it! So Raven Symone just came out of the closet. WTF! You two are super amazing. heck yea girl! Early bed time for the kiddo! Lol Jgip_12 nah idts. His dad came back home early. If we could find somewhere else yeah lol so much animosity....calm down haha We love it too! :) RT I love it!! RT : Jugo de Tampico , the red one >> 23 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !! i must be excited, i woke up this morning, hearing that song Carol King was famous for "Anticipation" .... 6 days till Christmas Yikkes!! Loved seeing Get Low last night especially with Robert Duvall there doing a Q&A afterward. A great film and an amazing actor! It's 7PM on a Sunday. By which I mean I'm watching Planet Earth and drinking tea. This weekend is about to be epic So ready for tomorrow. My daughter's dad made me a mix 100 years ago... I love how it has Paul Simon's "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover" on it :) Who is going to be here for Memorial Day Weekend? chicks that hate other chicks cuz they hoes... well I never ! if he like a hoe I clearly don't wanna fk wit him #eazy ! I've had a few of your varieties and I'm amazed how distinct each type of coffee bean is. It's like wine tasting! Delish Getting into a religious discussion in my english class. Up early working on a long overdue painting.. Yep feelin artsy!!!! Georgetown City Council member Brad Penn confirms Greg Reeves has been relieved of his duty as chief of police by Mayor Everette Varney. Text me :) ask the number How much does 's player suspensions hurt the ? Anthony Hargrove gets 8 games. Mike Neal is also gone for 4 games. Does anyone know of any interesting underground events happening in NYC this weekend? Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain David who? If old costar they still r This weekend is going by way too fast. what is iRadar? Job hunting? Maintain confidence in what makes you a great candidate. Never lose site of this. !!!! RT : Everyone has flaws, but teeth looking like ran down section 8 housing is inexcusable. in cali but I'm at Florida fo a vacation lol -- Hey thanks for the shout out! Too bad you aren't around 2 see the chocolate bars & golden tix is handing out! My left leg hurts from doing backtucks today with Had fun with here thoo :3 Never been more thankful to come in 4th. Not the #muffdiver!!! That is good to hear my grace-Tyrion Lannister is so awesome. I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA! I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be... It's even harder to picture that you're not here next to me. what's the deal with money, I mean hey! and rocking in manhattan tonight!!! ReCoup Lounge 210 Rivington Street New York, N.Y. 10002 9pm The Strangling Rose, or something like that. ;-) I know it! SO busy! Lots of exciting projects on our plate. I guess that's not a bad thing. How about you? Thank you for following. Paper = done ...and a half hour before my target time That's not what the song means, idiot. It was so great to see you on Sunday. We'd love to plan a NoVA trip soon. Is there a weekend day that might work well for you? Only a ghetto trashy bird would side with And this is how Chicago views Portland... RT Visiting reporter asks: `Do cabs run here after midnight?' Hahahahahaha. I laughed out loud when I saw this. Sorry, no such luck. Lush Puppy is snuggled up beside me on the sofa, gently snoring. Could today be any more perfect? I wish New Glarus Brewing made Snowshoe a regular seasonal brew and I look fwd to Black Top becoming a year round favorite. Stfu. Before I drop u So is targeting men with the new Beetle. Any takers??????? wow. that awful moment when your prince chops off all your magic hair... so exactly like an iPhone but...umm...bigger? More importantly, it looks a bit like paul o'grady Someone i trust and tell everything to even though we dont talk 24/7 Ponzu is slightly more complex, but for the purposes of the recipe you could sub w/ 2 parts soy, 1 part lime, 1 part mirin. Ok I can smile now! Just bought #christmasgifts galore at the gift shop! And maybe a few things for myself... Great quote "Despite being king, content is often treated like a peasant." - Sadden to hear the lost of a HS student (17yr. old girl, passenger) involved in a high speed car crash a mile from my house. Stop down for tours today at 2pm and 4pm! Get out of the rain! "breathe" with Krewella is a MASTERPIECE. Cannot wait to perhaps hear it at a show Use 2 play TW golf like I play #mw3 got burnt out had 2 take a brake 4 a year.. Think im going 2 buy TW golf13 it's looking good <U+E014> I am fighting this headache, but I'm losing. And so is my ibuprofen. This is some bull... Not going to let it ruin my day. Party til you pass out drink til you're dead! Dance all night til you can't feel your legs! touching prayer from are you afraid of heights? Have a good nite! Be safe out there! :) Thanks for the RT! I-94 west closed at hwy F for rollover with extended extrication. Go ! Save us from having to watch the Nyjer Morgan/Prince Fielder ghetto wannabe act in the World Series. Skewer the Stop speaking spanish I don't know what the fuck you're saying People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy. - Oliver Goldsmith Lack of scoring by the second rank offense in regular season is reminding me of 2 years ago. will need someone to pick it up. this is good If only all episodes of #GreysAnatomy were 2 hours & this amazing!! You'll have to stop by & ask—flavors change daily/randomly! RT : how can I learn your popcorn flavor of the day? Dec 15, 1925, Clarence William's Blue Five recorded "Shake It Down And Get It Fixed" in New York City for OK Records. It makes me somewhat irritated when one of my students got a 28 on his act but will have to pay out of state tuition because "illegal" but.. Great night for the east end fest. Finally the weather is nice. Disappointed there isn't a country stage this year :( Dropping a new song and the album release date in a half hour. Get stoked. I would to, and re-enact scenes from the X Files while I was doing it.... but I might be a nerd... RT : 1 of the tests of #leadership is the ability 2 recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. -Arnold H. Glasow geez he works in a bar women galore u trust him imagine if U workd in a bar but u trust him Ah #Mickelson can't catch a break on this dang hole!! haven't read it yet, but I bought it for my neice b/c I'd heard such good things! Can't wait! Huh! Wish she wouldn't hang around that dead beat! Love the welcome bags Chelsea and Marc did for their wedding. A! What the heck im always going to have bieber fever, but im still pissed at u <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3 at ur show on weds at the state fair we will be in attendance. or maybe get us up close lol Beastly is better then i thought ... Transportation cut 43% this yr- contracts from Doyle adm. Jump 524% next year for contracts initiated in Walker adm. Payback time! I can't believe he makes up stuff like that?!! Amazing! same here! it was a blast!! Muah Midnight motorcycle ride. Ballin. :) will be posting to IL2011 web site as soon as I get a decent net connection... #Nuts A7 a road trip across Latin America. WAAAAAH WAAAAH WAAAAH!!! Sounds like you need a diaper change, crybaby. It's definitely beret weather! It wasn't bad at all at the stadiums. Every time I hear a swarm of bees I am transported back. Sweet, sweet memories. thanks so wats up and how old r u?!? consider the darth vader, or retriever or ferris buhler or (older) vw dancing in the rain commercials. Good night! My dog is snoozing after going to the vet to have her pit bill wounds dressed. Its something ima have to get used to Nothing I can say will ever make u happy. For whatever reason u r content to hate me (). Life is 2 short 2 fight. Waking up to Gabe :D hard work pays off; i need to push myself a little harder - - wont hurt no body couldn't agree more we got this. Faith will be restored. OK...... THE GIRL IS MADE AT ME BECAUSE I SAID NO TO HER BFF COMING TO MY PARTY & NOW SHE WON'T TALK TO ME. God y'all need to work out y'all relationship Working my ass off for this season ! The funny thing is Uconn sucks! not really, that's kind of a disingenuous comparison that I don't think holds water. OS X Gatekeeper is just a security feature Thank you! It was fun ... even if I was up WAY past my bedtime! :) Latte is back home :) Thanks for the RT! Getting ready for 3rd grade Assignment Earth Concert! xmas miracle? RT omg Obama just shook my hand. I'm shaking. BESTIES!! RT WOW and POTUS bff 4life #CEO of meat supplier Fair Oaks Farms says at #besupdiv great customer relations is key for leaders. Always be there! its all good David, Happy National Chocolate Cake Day! What's your favorite kind of chocolate confection? now that you mention it I guess it does. Maybe I'll keep it a little longer. Why has no one mentioned that crowdfunding platforms WANT to prevent abuse simply to grow and stay in business. Verifying patient consent form / following WHO surgical checklist will decrease these types of surgical errors. Dang mavs lost, thanks to this game I don't even like purple anymore smh lol you never text me! And you haven't replied haha Hi can I get a follow back? :) Kids just love bouncy houses Trying to do our transaction in Spanish at the ATM >> Also, if I were in on this, I'd need to be dropped in Trenton. I assume that's on the way Win through your actions, never through argument ;) x really all I said what your cute then you started talking shit so yea okay NOT enjoying this gnocchi today! Best way to describe this #bucks game is in the immortal words of Mr. Ronald Joseph Aaron Burgundy: that really got out of hand fast. Well that sucks. I tried logging in to like, 7 of my old youtube channels and none of them are working. One of the accounts had 986 subs :( Why pay millions for something you can put online, right? Why was erickson selected in a week, but 2 months to find coach? Erickson states he won't be around as long as football coach There are going to be setbacks. It's whether or not your let them set YOU back that matters. #ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana man (Cinderella man/rain man) Text me Whatever happened to Herman Cain? I kinda miss that annoying #999 nut job. Easter is right around the corner and everything is coming up rabbits! Rabbits can make great pets, but deciding to adopt a rabbit... One should get praise for being amazing, not for their efforts. The performers tonight need to learn that IMMEDIATELY. Wow, that about sums it up! Bikram @ 13 years old won the National India Yoga Championship. Inventor of 26 pose practice (that's 2x13 poses). from my brain place to my mouth hole LOL Now this was a long night... Spanish niggas guns but no coke lol what a night. iknowwww we should change that.! (: Thoughts on ?? Totally up to you! I'm voting a little differently than I usually do this time around. Scott on charters: In some cases it's easier to close a school district than a charter school. Charter into license? just licensed a photo to - wonder if this is a scam or something to stay current about... BOOM Product management should be reserved for liberal arts grads. engineers, geeks can't think straight so i cleaned my closet and found alot of dresses!! :) Al Gore sued by over 30.000 Scientists for Global Warming? Looks like this is BS. Let me know if anyone can confirm with a legit source. #ABQ #newmexico Anyone but me lost their DirecTV signal? >:( yea but there all kind of at the same time and I have to be up really early for and aud in the moring I have almost no followers, but am a proud directioner. Could you RT for this loyal fan? Nothing but LOVE and SUPPORT to you! Happy Hump Day!!! Come in tonight and watch NHL and NBA 3 elimination playoff games. #imagine Zayn: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Harry: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;) ah cheer tryouts tomrrow.! (: I AM PUMPED.! You Can Just . . .Suck On My Wiener ! -Butters' Voice Lml Why chase something you can have. . . The boy is mines and thanks for the wicked fast response! You mean the whole album went into itunes as one song? Or you can only open one song? SO ANNOYING. R.I.P Dick Clark. Train students to question & argue abt values, objectivity, & purpose. A curriculum organized around skill sets doesn't do this. you have to have effective care which includes research! RIP Patrick Swayze Tired af! Wore out Hey Lou, a few weeks ago, by chance, I saw Kevin died on the pavement: '( Check this out: bringing the tastes of coney islands from Detroit to the city of LA. I like it! basically i don't understand why we all spend our lives begging for attention in fandoms and for internet fame He says it when someone compliments him c: By "better" I think they mean overt support for the community, administration jobs, etc... what are you guys doing after? Meeting Ry at Mesh. Want to come? So Rupert Murdoch is still suffering some longterm pain from his tabloids. Does he need more strategic surgery at News International? I don't wanna go to school ): Feeding Baby Bitis My tumblr page is legit. love you guys. “: Who wanna goggle my nutt in their mouth tonite?” fuck I do babe Join the #SocialMedia Speakers Series on 5/16 w/ me & ! Follow #PromoYou :) Had an amazing time worshipping in Rushville tonight.. It was a perfect night Oh got it -- different game. :-) Sounds YUM! RT : Making Bruchetta with Garlic with Rosemary Oil. Delicious! Recipe will be posted soon. Yeah, Hyatt's was league 2/league Hyatt/Jan Brady league My Sunday just got soo much better!!! "This one is for the ladies who lookin so amazin'" finally BTR dedicates a song to us... hate to say it but lie. Tell them at fro t first visit. You'll get first visit buttons and skipped ahead in some lines. RT : Excited to speak on student panel 4 newly admitted grad students! Always eager to share my love for ! Yes finally someone else <U+0001F64C> $15 Hair Cut and Shampoo for first time clients Today! Add a blow out or deep conditioner for only $10! 702-823-4800 the hate comes with the territory bro. Ppl hate it when u doing good n they doin bad. Just let em do they job Transferring a database (15 million rows) onto my #SSD just made my #thinkpad (with #ubuntu) lock up for 10 minutes. Weird? interesting. this is because...??? that was super-helpful. now, to plan what I'm actually going to say up there... :) i believe you're correct :) Steve Greenwald asks Q: How do you feel about getting state and fed reps to increase revenue? How to do that? oh yeah! : RT : Tune into tonight to watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on student loan interest ... I am at the Lowell-Merrimack game in Lowell now and it's like 30 degrees warmer in here than conte was. Interesting observation; I like both authors but don't consider them alike. No one can touch JU, in my opin. This is for career planning, I assume? Both of those are very good things to do. I guess you win then. You are the most awesome person in ' life. Sadly, I am not that awesome Yes! It is about freaking time!! She should've went home way before Colton went home. Do you deny #Climate Change & sea level rise or not care about Billion$ effect of #keystonexl to FL coasts? stop by and say hey on the way back. we're just up the hill ... black ops We live in indianapolis :) #NLCATLANTA Taking Risks Is INVESTING IN HOPE!!! her bro where u at what game is tht at I guess if schools are on a 2-hour delay then so am I ... Guys, the new Sam's Club is awesome. It opens tomorrow. Industry images in from Ben Huff, Mark Brautigam and Peter Baker Tomorrow, our latest lunch meeting @ Goose Island! I've got a tip for our merchant processor. Will we kill it with 7 guests again? :) Anyone watching the NFL Draft somewhere tonight? today Its Ficelle day!!!!! amazing birthday thanks to , , & <3 Happy Earth Day! Crestline Homes recognizes the importance of adopting green building policies. I can't wait for the RobSexy talk Library Two of our designers and are helping today by reviewing student portfolios this afternoon Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions? One more day to get to the Pittsburgh Glass Center Holiday Show -- 10 - 4 today. All this talk about on Twitter about the Supermoon and not a single Uranus joke. Frankly, I'm disappointed in all of you. great job! shit, i was just laying here in bed. then it fucking vibrated hard a couple times o.o Coffee and holiday music - a great combo! Have a great Wednesday :) My Gma just told me that I've got the look lol Hate when that happens ;)": Damn I just dropped the popcorn. Lol" BLOW ME BITCH What is the one Finish Line product you could not live without? last dance class tonight, and i can't go.. how do we cultivate new leaders for the future? Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12 - 9!!! Don’t miss #Dr. Oz show tomorrow. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types. THATS the truth! “: As a #Leo you don't really understand people who get all-emotional and sensitive about things.” blah blah blah, library branding in virtual realities, blah blah blah #libraryschool is weird sometimes. Fixed and followed! Lynchburg, thanks for a phenomenal night. We look forward to coming back ;) Remember the show "The Secret World of Alex Mack" ?? That was awesome. must be nice!! Today is #WorldAutismAwarenessDay- spread awareness, show support, have compassion, make a difference im from florida! Haha i live in north carolina. Haha OMG! first time eating Quinn Popcorn,the Vermont Maple and Sea Salt...YUMMY! congrats Kristy! It is, though I now have to pay to have my daughter taught what should have been done in school. We have our Presenting Sponsor for this year's ! Announcing soon... Justin you're really good at singing are a fan of yours (always) wanna do mine I'm just not feeling it right now lol in September you have 10,000 ! Can't seem to capture with my camera, but the snow by us is bouncing around like lottery balls. Tomorrow's growler code is a shout out to our friends Mention them tomorrow for an $8 64oz growler refill. jay just made Bob knight look stupid you want me to type them a letter so you can show them lol Thank you for the mention, Karima! Very true your holiness. If more people were like you, we would have heaven on earth! DO YOU NEED SPORT-SPECIFIC SHOES?. On needing some new running and step/aerobic shoes recently I had read about different shoes supporting … What's your favorite part of #tacos? The meat? The cheese? The salsa? Or the whole darn thing? - Now, with you on board, Twitter just got more interesting. Let the anarchy begin! Fuck you Obama. The tithe WAZ and IZ not suppoze to be MONEY! It WAZ and IZ FOOD! That is how GOD fed the priestz who did not have time to grow cropz,,,,,,, she's a cutie pie.. <U+0001F49C> that kid to death.. Following in your footsteps, great night at the Dell Diamond, dollar hot dogs in the Bypass Lane Brushed metal finishes will hide finger prints & wear better than bright metal finishes yeah I hope so, but after this concert he's probably not going to have another close to Ohio.. ": Call our special line to hear all the videos you won't be able to watch!" Please pray for Mike an employee who was rushed to hospital this afternoon & is now undergoing an 8 hr heart surgery. awee yeah his gnarly advice that he gave me a while ago helped! Hey kids so its Jersey Mikes then tonight it's Industry (the old Area) across from 650 (the old Republic). Lol lots of things are a changin! What are your chip stacks? I want in on the LL, I only have 20500 This is exactly how I felt last night. I was literally hating everything, so I just cried for awhile. Feel better love, <3! We have liftoff! Jackie's 2nd baby tooth just fell out :) I'm addicted to fitness incentive. I'm depressed that I can't go today. Aww...I assumed you two would be working on a joint production. Still good though Gratitude is the open door to abundance. - Yogi Bhajan well, one of many reasons. and EJ must be on our timeline! #FF Tweets I actually read (theme?): I miss you ;) x Last early morning contest practice ever & rr winners!!! Don't let nobody tell you otherwise!! What a boring day, thank god for the NBA playoffs! Good morning #Colts fans! We have two tickets to Sunday's game vs. Titans that we will give away in 3 hours. Twitter contest at 12PM EST! It's a wonderful day at avantgarb!! of course! "Can you do me a favor?" are 6 word I hate hearing. In other words, I give you what you want and get nothing in return. If you put your child in 4 or more ski/snowboard lessons a year then you could take it to the next level for them for far less money! Devo! Here we go...round three! Will it be Dallas or Miami?? .tomato yellow having time first .old years 28 :) "Think not to the thorns in your feet - Think not to the journey. We move and breathe in Him." ::aradhna::herana (nepali christmas song):: A dead possum has been near my house for 3 days now,just found out animal control won't come get it.So it's just going to decompose?? Ugh. Have a great one! Bout to put it down with and the Maurice Brown Effect tonight in Little Rock Arkansas...7 and 830pm sets, rain or shine!! I do so many weird things at this time o.O I hope everyone has a fantastic Thanksgiving and remember to be thankful for all the great things you are blessed with! Sundays are more enjoyable when the #Vikings are doing well!! Im about to go to footlocker !!!! Before I was my hair hopefully none sees Me nappy headed Well what the fuck am I gunna do now -.-' So damn hot in my house <U+0001F620> If you knew my trials, you'd understand my joy... spread the word about #stopkony ? Pretty much, unless Thanos shows up. you have a lot of fav movies btw love you new icon<U+0001F497> Colorado lab tech blames boss for mistakes on DUI blood sample tests - Denver Post damn right you can't. Q: What do you call a fake noodle? A: An Impasta. Oral exam for senior thesis. really don't want to blow this one. DVD Regions 1-7 are covered are covered in both NTSC and PAL...also a Digital Copy available on the two disc set in case. Win an iPad 3 (32GB) for having the best score on Flap! (iOS) which is available now...for free. Top score on Game Center, wins the iPad. my mom was struck in the face by one of those helicopters at the mall. Have you ever done a story on the safety of them? RT : nice job andy and crew: Startup Kansas: Kickanotch Raises $1.1 Million For Its One-Stop Mobile Marketing Shop... Wow! Tebow is amazing! just a small town girl... livin in a lonely world ! A coming split between knowledge and degrees? Happy Halloween everyone! Fuck the world: I have weed What up?! RT : NICK! What up! Heck just don't lose by 20 each night Gotcha, but I don't think you can do it on twitter since they use a URL shortener. SPECIALS: Ham torta $ 3.99. ---2 tamales with warm hot chocolate $ 3.99 --- These specials end November 14. So hurry and come in! Watching Mason beat up Chase is the best (: Black Lilly - How I met your mother We will be at Top Golf Saturday at 8pm... free rounds on us. I love you so, so, so much! <3 Whoops! RT : '3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" "No, I'm hunting zebras. What a silly question?' New Menu Items! Hot Noodle Bowls- Thai Salmon, Char Grilled Chicken and Red Miso Vegetable with Grilled veggies! Only $5 Who wants to know what we are giving away when we hit 500 likes? It's going to be our biggest giveaway yet. Love you too girl! Hay why do you have to be so far away? so much for an undefeated season. Great lineup for 's event Thur at Civic Center. How media covers #OccupySD. Details at www.spjsandiego.org. thanks for coming out! can't believe we missed you at #rockbox #karaoke for the after-party. rain check! First week of classes going well! Give a shoutout if you are in 1 and loving it! Two offensive rebounds ties the game. You're kidding me C's... Well, at least Frenchy isn't batting 5th. There's something for that, I suppose. Appreciate it! when ppl retweet stuff that you tweeted months ago ! lol is it bad form to contact the hiring manager for a job you submitted an application/resume for? Should I just wait for HR? Love for my boys! Go happy birthday to me Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month. Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake! Just got back from a 12 mile run in coconut grove :-) Gotta LOVE morning runs!! Hellen Mirren forgot to mention the fact that Morgan Freeman married his own granddaughter. THANK YOU."Nerds" don't fucking exist anymore. They're a stereotype that died in the 1990's. scratch marks.. Found my inspiration for my #ISTE11 presentation, Make It Work, this morning. Ready now to crate some zen presenting! Money can't buy you happiness. Late lunch follower of the day is ! everybody go follow her! so, two women can't be spokespeople? Or two men, for that matter? <--- is thee most difficult person to text lbvs Shout out to eebody staying down and keepn it real I still can't believe that it all starts tomorrow Welcome to the Twitters! Had a blast hanging out w/ you last week! Working on an email that you should get by the end of today. Hi Molly! We've spoken before! Geez, it's barely 50 up here They are nice whatever they are. Oh Yeah... I'm only 19,369,446 followers behind !!! :O Taylor!! lol I'm on it! lol cheers Thanks for doing a fantastic job moderating the #WeightoftheNation San Diego panel discussion! Good stuff last night! I will be releasing some new paintings in the next few days ... gonna be pretty cool so stay tuned. Tuesdays... remember No Ordinary Family? that show took a piece of my life #IMissThatShow #NOF :( The economy a product of a "perfect storm":deregulation unpaid 4 tax cuts/Medicare D,unfunded wars (1/2) Eagle P, Tez and a few more in the studio tonight. Hit me up if you wanna get in. "One day, you will all work for me." #gleequote #sotrue #mylife. Haha Um...wow RT Rampage Jackson’s Viral Video Features Attempted Rape and Penis Biting Throw in some 7-layer dip and you'll be set! Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121 to hear Tricia Rose speak on race, gender, body image and hip hop culture! Hoping the artistic director finally hears me next week! Back in Nashville baby! RT : Very sad :( I'm from Brazil RT : Attn #Runway #Models: Casting show for ! Come out this Saturday, downtown 10-2pm. lmfao! My brother used to work at wells Fargo! Missing Spring-area brothers found safe Winning games like this one tonight at Fieldhouse will do more to put Pacers fans in stands than all paid advertising in the world. HOLY BOYFRIEND VIDEO. what if I told you nice uggs? They aren't real. Oh. Well nice fake uggs. Aw come on, I'm sure lots of ppl care! I really miss my dog I swear I always hear her barking then I look n she's not there :( I hope she's safe & taken care of <3 Love how you can tell which Metro drivers are locals: "Next station is *mumblemumble" WASHINGTON NATIONAL AIRPORT." for my fitness bikini comp! Today's gift card winner is PAM BROWN. Congratulations! I wouldn't expect anything less from you! & if you uneducated f*cks didn't know ... FILIPINOS are of SPANISH Ancestry ("Asian, Spanish, Pacific Islander") Holla. I forgot what a bitch Walt's wife turned into in season 2 of "Breaking Bad." What's up with Republicans bashing on the French? I'm rarely ever frustrated with but lately my Timeline isn't functioning right for some reason. i have been talking to forever ahaha ...we might hang out tomorrow yeah when I saw your picture I thought you were at least 15:) Happy Birthday Aaron!! What's up? Are you planning to be in GA forever??? Thank you Luv! = ) Tough editors! RT : Newspaper created sons & daughters at #JAWisconsin #Biz#Town. I was interviewed. Didn't make the cut. The current gospel has become a gospel of sin management. Transformation of life & character not part of redemptive message: Willard Sorry to see your outstanding series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great 5 years. Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy Thx for the love! Enjoy your Friday! I had a good Easter ever though i was alone. I hope everyone else did to :) Limbaugh Flap Is Latest Proof of Talk Radio's Political Influence - Huffington Post Being a musician means you like attention. Some don't know the limit of attention tho shut up!!! Neighbor called me trash after disagreeing on a political thing. Before saying I was trash, he said "I believe in God" I'm praying for him. "all men are the same way" -webster. Words to live by Webby. Words to live by. Spending time focusing on customers rather then competitors - words from the wise. Come on out for our last session! SMILE:) its almost the weekend which one is you? haha. Oops :p Who is your favorite musician?? Ireland vs. Australia, Isreal vs. N. Ireland, Trukey, vs Ukraine, and USA vs. Mexico gotta love soccer!! you do realize you spelled 'horan' wrong, right? i hope so. #3WordsForYou That is MAHOGANY! Thanks to everyone who made our USFA fund raiser a big success! Party must b wack RT : Like how are you partying &amp; tweeting . they all seem like anarchists... RT : Happy Saturday!!! ABQ weather is awesome!! i just add all my new followers pimp me Confidence is a matter of choice. Start listening to your inner voice. You are strong and you do have the power to create your own destiny. That field goal certainly helps a lot...... Changing the light bulb on a radio tower? Beau's wireless fence arrives 2day!! #SMBootCamp , and #BaltimoreWOW this weekend--jam packed, awesome week! Teachers-back today. Network-spotty after lightning storm Friday. Server room-91* air temp. Just an average day in educational technology. Good to know! RT : Poll results: 48% of churches say they're committing fewer worship typos than they were 6 years ago -... End violence v women now. Hundreds stromg @ MN Capitol I tell mom I snort my weed so she would stop breaking all my pipes and bongs. 'Nexus' by Henry Miller, the 3rd book in the rosy crucifixion series. His long saga with June continues on and on and on... RT Kisses on the forehead are so fucking cute! Well. I think so. Race for the Cure on-line registration closes 9/17 @ 12 noon. www.komenorgon.org #nw Lord of the Rings <3 me either! Wish I didn't procrastinate so bad. Very honored that a colleague was excited about my dissertation and was asking me advice earlier tonight. Of course the SKC rain jacket I purchased is sold out...but of course it doesn't show up as sold out online and nobody contacted me. Calder Quartet have totally converted me to Polygamy as a concept Luckily! And he was nice enough to give me my car back without the $200 towing fine! Starting to come alive. Bound and determined to make this the Best. Monday. Ever! night friend! #ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mouth is open and u realize you've been crop dusted lmbo Happy Halloween Everyone ,! <3 “: Nothing and no one, no matter how glorious, will ever satisfy a heart designed for God.” We love making someone's day! Wahoo! RT : made me so, so happy. Perfect day! And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one! So i already have money saved for la from gambling. Its in my bakpak! Love learning from she is always amazing!! #edjewcon keynote Seems like Chris Young and him feed off each other and give each other pointers. But he needs an in your face guy too maybe I don't, idk where to find that out actually I am typing this from my very first iPhone. My life is forever changed! Have a human tweet your stuff today and tomorrow. Hashtag is no worries! We will seeya next time! All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. ----David Allan Coe Is your current professional position an appointment or destination? If its not a destination, what are you doing to assure you move forward Life may not be the party we hoped for, but as long as we're here we might as well dance. Trick or Tweet , DM me please! yea i agree i wasn't going to buy it but im glad i did... you gotta keep checking they put them on sale quick Checkout Marketing Tool at www.Video-TV-Email.com and come2 a Live-Web-Demo at 8:15pm Est tonite 4/20 www.connieislive.tv Try a sample of tea from The Tea and Jazz House. #perfectday to golf! In short, these articulated #fairuse best practices can protect libraries legally, as a way to codify the active practices of a group Thank you very much! Knock, Knock, Knocking On Heavens Door! Final day for #froggyidol with #nccetl darling-Hammond show collaboration impacts student achievement/allow teachers to learn from each other I'm from where the fat beats stretch for mad blocks. ~ Butterfly Who do you think should get a hologram tour? After 's recent tweet, I've been wondering if flying monkeys will show up in the Emerald City during MLA '12. Nothing quite like seeing Natasha Tretheway sing Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks." Dont listen to the lies swear they're all lies u kno I could b ur night in shinning armor or Ties guys just want to thank you so very much for being a positive voice in the music industry! Your songs are spot on! Great work! School Daze!!!!! Thas my movie!! I'll keep an eye out. I know all the good places. don't! I like that show too. Looking forward to watching on Hey Justin!! RT RT RT": she ignores all the other guys who want her, because she's too busy noticing the 1 she wants." She said your lucky I don't got one I don't care ill still tweet about you It's my dream to have been a part of #Studio54 | You are so effin' lucky! I am thinking about getting a Ford Edge Limited for a new car! GAHHHHHH my instagram unfollowed you for NO reason and it won't let me follow you again<U+0001F61E><U+0001F52B> Thank you to all who contributed toys for the children we serve at our Laboure Clinic. Santa Claus is coming to town! My arm is on fire! let's get retarded Luckily no bananas. twitter fail, that was meant to go to Tonight! Your IRF Comedy Crew will be bringing the funny in the YooHoo Room at at 11 PM. Tx/info at www.flapperscomedy.com Oh bummer. Hope you find one that works. Does Twitterrific work? Eating this ice >>>> Go for a swim today! W.O.W. our pals are taking the world by storm! congrats buds xo “ Ok all- RT : We are ready for Jersey Couture Season 3!!” that's all well and good, but hopefully the NFL doesn't investigate these rumors and fines them. That would blow. Smh « Greys Anatomy you sure know how to make me feel ten different emotions at once. Love this show» Isn't "God's will" what people usually say to explain bad things? JO BROS 345: You're really pretty! Tweet me sometime(: lol u feel me For fall trip ideas to stretch your dollar and your smile, like 50 Free Things and Perfect Day Itineraries, visit sandiego.org/choosehappy. That car sounds like the car off chitty chitty bang bang: only if u spell chitty with an S. This experience is a quick way to lose a new customer. No show yday. None today. U do not respect my time. We can't wait either! Looking forward to the start of a great creative project. I could look like Santa Clause in a Day, okay I dig weird too, but weird out of context just equals... weird out of xontext Hey looking forward to seeing you bright and early tomorrow morning! IT GOING DOWN AT LIV TONIGHT My score has gone down just as my business earnings have gone up. Post hoc ergo propter hoc. According to the grackle, robin, & mockingbird, the green mulberries are ready to eat.... I'm planning tonights menu for 's Mercy of the Chefs'...Will you be at our mercy?what would you want to eat? #HelloNovember Please bring good grades In all my classes and a If you have to say you have swag<<<< you are very welcome :) Great philanthropy training workshops w the last two days, special thanks to myrna hall! We'll see you at the race ! Weather is looking sunny and high in the 50's for Saturday morning! I knew you would say that lil man shit is gravy right now..i just benn doing hella work tho...like hella work! did hit the door chain while he was in the room alone or was it a ghost? Live the dream tonight! 1980's drug dealers only cruised around in limos. no dude I took all the strings off of it I thought this was a picture of kitty cat! Imagine my surprise when I saw an actually cat. :P Well, yeah. Of course not. LOL 3 hour Marching Band practices are difficult with only two water breaks. I retweet at least 3 times a day. Ur happy, I'm happy. Ur sad, I'm sad. Ur mad, I'm mad... hey, while you're playing on Friday, will be in the stands (right behind pen. box) cheering on HER ! Good News: I love coupons! Looking for resources on official university policies/guidelines regarding the #accessibility of online courses I was going to wear a normal shirt, but in the spirit of the last day of Winter-een-mas, I decided to wear a Legend of Zelda shirt instead. So awake! #aprilfools ... I'm always tired! tomorrows finally friday <3 yes it was one to remember but it's not done yet I celebrate the entire week lol .... I think my bday a holiday I'm dying to try some potpockets "pot pizza hot pockets" tks for the RT + really like your posts on "anti fundraising" + "money will find you" +2! Looking forward to some peace and quiet on Nov 3! I miss my father. I hate not being able to sleep. Your avatar is bloodcurdling. And that looks like one bloodthirsty Hellhound you're holding. Karma's a bitch only if you are ; lesson learned. i hate you bro ! Welcome J.R. Tilson, Client Service Specialist w/ the National Tax Credit Advisory Group, our newest addition to #Columbus #CBRE office! It was worth the pain!! This place in amazing!!! Forget Sydney you guys should come to NYC! On #dreams: sometimes it's ur head trip, sometimes it's the 1stSlayer, and sometimes it's just the guy w/ the cheese. davis yu suck!!... i hate that gay ground shit in UFC.... We don't support this functionality. I'll follow up in your email with more details on alternatives. #FridayReads I'm currently reading Rut by Scott Phillips and listening to The Burning Wire by Jeffrey Deaver If you say you want to be layed up #Lowkey and u got a 1000 followers bitch look at my face -____- < that ain't Live and love your life always Oh, I'm sure it wasn't intentional. Just interesting. I'm falling in love with on She's amazing! welcome! Thx for retweeting me earlier this week! I'm confused about your last tweet? What was said? I can't follow the link. All of Star Trek: TNG is now streaming on Netflix. You won't see me for awhile. Teaching intro class. I love this so much. Every time. Wonder what Cafe NASTY is like xD In all seriousness, I think both Keith Price & Robert Griffin, I are two great people who are fantastic QB's.. Monday moping: Trainer made us run in a downpour; but my dog isn't dying as I thought! would you be willing to play meliane on icarly once more if made another episode with her in it? (: #DailyHealthTip: A balanced plant-based diet, lots of physical exercise, & a positive attitude lead to good health, & a long active life. I'm sick of these #TwitterAngels...#Lightskin and #Darkskin trends and all the sudden every want to be Malcolm X what's next, join the discussion now, tweet ur questions Thanks Saints for getting the munchkin all worked up hey! You should come over for dinner sometime! Or beers when the semester's over! Need sum to get into for the rest of the night! great new look, Chris. Big props. obama: president of awesome Differentiated Instruction is doing what's best for the students. (2/2) Convince anyone who watches Fox News that Obama is anything other than a Commie Muslim who wants to destroy America What about the Orange? My year old recliner has blown 4 of the 5 springs recently and it's the model with no warranty. Guess they knew it was badly made. Good morning & Happy Monday! It's bad enough the Ravens lost, but to lose to the Patriots... Salt in a wound. well twitter world it that time i have to get ready for work. have fun and be safe. Good Night Walking Dead finale was amazing. If you haven't watched it yet, you need to sit down and take the hour to watch it. ASSASSINS WAS MENTIONED, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON. NBA replay needs LOTS of work! thank you! One Direction and Directioners :) Got a box of 41 posters from I hope the walls of Baltimore are ready for us... They couldn't have picked a better musician to pay tribute to Whitney Houston. Hey Gaga I ador you. You are my hero your the reason I live everyday! I put my paws up proud because I was Born this Way! I LOVE U 87% of #students want to do their best in school. How can you help your students fulfill their greatest potentials? That's right, it's my 21st birthday today! Ugh once again KEKE IS GETTING ON MY NERVES!! UGH HE SO ERKIN! SCREEN WATCHIN A** You're very welcome, Andy! Thanks for coming and supporting a sista in her css work :) HEY MAHOMIES ! If you want to be part of a Christmas present for Austin tweet :) Aren't there city permits and clearance issues involved when conducting the experiments? It's so hard to get to follow me.... #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE ?(: =TIP= If u choose 2 buy your books online, make sure u r ordering from a seller that is relatively close if u r in a time-crunch situation Last Sat. 112 plots built and filled in on 1 day from 8a-4p Pick up the next Bay View Compass to read the story this Sat. oo la la.. Want to bike from downtown mpls to the but maps keep telling me to take University ave - any other routes? what do you all think of my new twitter background? I heard Rihanna's "We Found Love" about 10 times today. gave up about 3 seasons ago.. Enjoyed first few yrs.. Loved Susan with Mike. thanks to Senator Mike Skindell for his endorsement@ So you mean like with record labels? oh not much just hangin out enjoying this weather! And yourself I made it in 4 on the Greyhound last year and I felt he was driving fast. But maybe we were stuck in Thanksgiving traffic... thank you!!! Your food rocks our world. I was born by caesarian section, but not so you'd notice Can I close the door of my office and take a nap? Would that be inappropriate? Ready to fall on my face and my days not even close to being done Walked from 55th and Folsom to & back. Reward = Soul love by Bowie and an Old Stock Ale. Oh! Coltrane's Favorite Things. Bonus yea me too! I was so ready to stop, drop, and roll though, just in case. C'mon Dirk, that's why you curse at the refs in German! At the hospital in a wheelchair , with a boner, all the Spanish nurses have tig ol bitties !!! OK. Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer. Anything helps. I can read these you know! that is impressive, but the customers are insane! i guess it's actually called "hardcore pawn". Me getting my braces off>>> man, katy perry's "ET" is a TERRIBLE song. absolute schlock. and i actually really like her music, most of the time. 'Man of his way out' S/O to for putting his foot in that hoe ass nigga's ass I remember feeling a sense of grief that the many yrs of economic distress & racial tensions in South L.A. resulted in such negativity Plz follow me Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am. Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt. Loma & out over the city. Opposit the norm. we killed it \m/ yes, I awkwardly stared into your eyes during the "party/choke" bit last night.... And I fell in love I once designed & programmed a whole site in photoshop 4. RT : #tappsfact: i once designed my website to look like photoshop 5.5 ": Parent quote of the year "So they're saying 2 year olds should be talking now? " #slpeeps" Love this! Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! Whiskey Bar tonight! Louise is such a diva honestly bro what's there lineup: torres, turner, wright, davis, bay, duda, thole, tejada? A #bettycrocker yellow mix cake with chocolate icing would hit the spot right about now. Hey LHF donors, the priority deadline for 2012 donations is this Thurs, March 1st! Pay by phone at 512-471-4439 or pay online via DonorNet! Anyone have a car for sale? lol #ICantStandPeople WHo Have Low Self-Esteem The movie Take Me Home Tonight did not have the song Take Me Home Tonight in it. I know but still And thanks 2 all who played, including , & Set ur alarm for noon next Tues 4 another chance to win Don't victimize yourself, you're just setting yourself up for failure. RT : RT : Your Help is Needed to Restore Critical Funding for MCC's Adams Arts Program.... What's worse: living above a guy who blares Red Hot Chili Peppers all the time, or living above the Red Hot Chili Peppers? I'm guessing the same people with toning shoes also have a "Shake Weight", acai berry products and a "Slender Shaper". Morons. shout out to Keith! What up my friend? It would be smart to visit or go to a camp there first and if you like it then you'll know it would be good for you(: follow me cunthead staying mad at people ...#icantdothat >.< I know you're tough, but it must be hard to LOOK tough jogging with a turban. ;) yes, please! hm odd. you would figure it to be the other way around. maybe Philbin was never that high on Flynn even in GB you'll definitely want to bring a book or three for this trip! thanks and you too. And keep waxing them legs! I am da hulk. but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o: Lunch with the team Avenue. We are celebrating the release of 3 new modules! Very exciting! Wet Republic here we come. Its sizziling in Vegas, Come check us out That is a true shame. Poor babies. ight hold on #2012 hopeful Mitt Romney in DC area this Thursday. Speaking at Bethesda North Marriott Hotel & Conference center @ 6:30 pm. I WON THE #reds vs #SFgiants GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET! al STILL missing...oh Happy Mother's Day to all moms!! If your mom is NATURALLY BEAUTIFUL CLICK LIKE!! thanks for following We can tango all day but I bet yu can't dance They need to re-release titanic in 4D where they flood the theater and turn on the air conditioners for the full effect. Thanks, Jarrad. Hope you're following Dave Brock; he's an Amazing man! yep. Sucks. no it just means you need to buy a bigger one! Lolol one of my orchids is about to bloom:) Thanks also to Rep Terri Proud for her support of HB2501 on Reg Reform! Simply requires Regulators write clear regs. What a concept! I'ma have to come to Boulder one day ok, here for most of the day,short visit to a customer who we are releasing today,in the afternoon i hope, otherwise - I'm in the office start with tho. Why can't Sparrow work in landscape mode? Why isn't there a iPad version? We need an alternative to the iOS mail client. RT , If you want me to DM you my # Let's hope so! Rachel Barry!!! wow! Really awesome! Kendall, you look cute in your new icon! :) Follow me, please? <3 #FaveMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA Y'all are definitely gonna win! You should put your coffee time design on some coffee mugs. That would be pretty sweet. #RealTalk that statement goes a long way though. God will never give you something that's not yours. nope, that is separate. You pay for your domain name separately, and you pay once a year. You should get a renewal notice. exactly lol they might as well cancel the show good music too! Why are your eyes closed? Wondering if there is a wine that pairs well with hot wings & fries?! Hosting PR sessions in the Google Campus today! maybe ponies. Sparkly ones with, uh, big boobs. Yeah. Boobs. today and they are probably putting me in a foster home ... Thanks for making it, that was awesome. My day doesn't start until I open my blinds Base hit, Matt... Bat on ball. down to my last hour and a half, tic toc tic toc Today I got a mixture of a little blue and a little purple on the brain. #StayTough! "April is the cruelest month," said T.S. Eliot when asked about senioritis. Good luck, my friends! Getting off the internet at night is often the hardest part of my day. 8 years could turn into 44 for man convicted of meth charges except for the article about boro gallery.... I hope u liked it:) I just found out has a show in DC tonight! I'm so there. #android phones need better geolocation logic. When I was in Denver, it thought I was in Portland. Now I'm in Baltimore, and it says Denver delicious!!! Enjoy Okay Lol. O.o Thanks to for treating my bro and his now fiancé (!!!) like royalty at Park Hyatt this weekend. Good to have CFFs in high places;) oh dear god - a whole new generation if Fart Apps would be born. still more RT I could write and film an episode of Justified faster than it's taking to download on this Boingo Hotspot. Am I the only one she talk to ? hate u.... and u can delete ur number from the ur tweet Damn I forgot my charger at home. I never said she wasnt. RIP Guru thank you sir Is that in that battleship movie? I could live off of candy corn.. I tricked no one! She asked me out of the blue, I just didn't have the energy to correct her. Spent a happy hour playing Machinarium with my 9yo daughter. Reminds me of Out of This World. Boom! RT : #followfriday begins w/bests of I hate when my GF calls me a man whore just because all the girls want my body. so great to see you! hope it's not as long before the next time! late thursday night. probably around 10pm. again. haha. Happy Mother's Day to all those beautiful moms that have raised us. Gonna try to catch Brandon's Twitter class tomorrow! Hope I can make it I like to go out in the world, pitch my tent, meet new folks, create my world. But home, my real home feels like a box to me, suffocating. Sorry Native American dance, I can't write about you because all I care about is Roger Sterling. Bye now. I smell PR Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. Benjamin Franklin Who was the greatest president in American history? I would say George Washington because of what he didn't do what are you watching indeed one big room full of bad bitches lls!!!!!!!!!! San Antonio: Isol. storm today & tonight. This weekend will be warm in the mid to upper 80s. Today: AM Fog, then mostly sunny. high 86 Dear disneyy can we get sum positive thing on disney channel insted of eating disorder.& etc cuz last time I checked its not funny smdh Just finished talking with a super cool archaeology professor. Fairy tales don't always have a happy ending, do they? lol now now lets not get beside ourself Hey Greg can u check ur DM? There is a message from us. speak for yourself Why did I have to see that HSN tweet ...O my word I'm pacing back and forth to tv to computer to tv. Ok let me just see whats on HSN brb I just wasted 25 minutes looking at afashionloveaffair.com. I love that site even w/all it's grammatical errors! Late for work! Congratulations and the #Kentucky Wildcats for an excellent season. Looking forward to SEC Tournament! Its just a do nothing day #bored text me(: I need to join lol. Wasting away my life with alcohol is my only aspiration in life right now!! Nothing like introducing a rock star than PowerPoint. Green Juice!! pens getting worked in this awesome 2nd period! bummed. Each of those > office what, no Faulkner? (Everyone's a critic) No go for a non-speaking Flight 2. Also, planes should board by window, middle, and aisle seats...not back to front or rich to poor. be awesome be miz cool! Glad you like the twitter map! :) Have you checked out our vintage #minnesota sports t-shirts yet? no...we involuntarily showered in our own sweat Y wud they drop you ??? bye bye bracket. thanks for nothing, kansas. I don't hold back what I want to say.I say it! Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do. Dhammapada Thank you for the Sweet reTweet!! Let's see 'em! Now beginning to wonder if Jackboot Smith isn't actually doing Wilders an ENORMOUS service: now more people than ever are aware of him Maybe someday we will deliver to Indy! Idk what you're talking bout , but I am talking about making the cake, the guac, getting a place, & decorating it. shiiit. Happy Six Months. idle what the I Weston I think I'm going to wear a skirt “Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” ~G.K.... Thanks for recent link-love. Appreciated! um what?! i dont have one I know, Jo Calderone represents GaGa. #thathighmoment when everything on tv seems to b in 3D... OMG! I love it!! Her breath smell like dentin cat shit! my Nana is a mess! Trust in Him - always! Google ad preferences thinks I'm a guy! must have sold her soul at some point Sweating all the way through these dress clothes. Hiring for a host position ASAP, please apply in person with resume! I am a self-published author of two books and I would love to be exposed and connected to the next level.Call me 502-664-7836 highschool? Or college? it goes way beyond trust! Thank you for all your faith in me and support over the years. Anyone who has the paper from Mrs. Ferrells spanish class for the project DM me! Morning ppl yall so late i already caught my worms It's 4:27pm, do you know where your weekend is? about to get nasty in the dunk contest tonight! Los Feliz Hills mediterranean home for sale. Check it out: www.3651holboro.com More pictures to come. Oh, I know. This is the second lap. ;) RT : That #AWKWARDMoment when Chris Brown reaches back to scratch his head and all the hoes in the room flinch! TUNE INTO SALEMS LOCAL KMUZ 88.5 FOR MY LIVE RADIO INTERVIEW BOUT THE MIXER I PLACED 3RD IN AND MORE....L's Up! awesome! sad we won't have class together! Early Bird Special ends August 1st! Only 10 more days to get in at a HUGE DISCOUNT off the at-the-door price! Glad to hear it! Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle! and Thanks a bunch for your help! DM your addy's and we'll send u each a pair of state fair tickets for helping! :) I might fuck round & do a whole 16 to 'Mercy' lbs... Don't forget that after connecting to the wifi you still need to open a browser and login before your connection will work at ": Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.-H.Ford" Be on the lookout for our new Denim jackets dropping in 2 weeks ! Mention us if your interested !! nothing just taken Pumkin to school Great Queens Cup, had a ton of fun did pretty well and happy to be home. (via ) The SF mayor is in the house! (and he made a funny!) Catching up on Veep. Awesome show. you know it! dangerously tasty-- and great to have you all there! These homeless individuals are required to leave the homeless shelter daily..... Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out! Did you hear the good news?! Yeah! :D Too far on a school night... But pretty soon you guys will live close enough for that to be an option! i miss you too boo. i promise, i'll be back soon <3 okay ? Green onions make my tongue smell like a 3rd world country. you're an actress now?! When you sneeze, you're dead for 00.2 seconds. impossible to listen to plays and use in game. Listening to other stuff...strategy, game plan, etc. Welcome back! well tomorrow's another day were they'll find another way to lose!!! HA HA!! gawsshh I forgot how good lookin you were :) And now off to the store to get me some shirts before they close <U+0001F483><U+0001F483><U+0001F483><U+0001F483> i love your music what do u say sweety ? go out Can't rub skin dry after showering/bathing, pat off excess. Apply moisturizer to moist skin. beautysnatural.com (Truly Natural Products) World Football League T-Shirt Jacksonville Sharks Adult Black Tee Shirt I think this is harder on old mahomies cuz we actually Knew how he was before he was famous and so much has changed... When I buy "ugly stuff" and my sister doesn't believe I can make it cute , that bitch, “: I hate country accent's!”why??? GotBieberFever5: RT : Gary is being a pain in the ass. Initiative people, take it! I was just saying it as an FYI, nothing more, nothing less great meeting you as well... tell Jay I said hello!! Im tryna get up to head to the gyn Ok, I have to lay back down so I can up in 2 hrs :/ Thx to all new follows, RT, & replies, enjoyed the conversation. Nitey nite ;) <U+0001F44D><U+0001F444> When Jefferson walked past the guy sweeping & motioned "shhh," that was a nod to "1 Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest," right?? or Lorenzo Llamas. ooh strawberry and banana - top notch cereal! hii :) please follow! we r big fansd from new york city! Happy new year :) xx from Rena and Gabby Finally Iguodala drives it, please no more Lou Williams threes no the one thats usually there! #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Am you gay? Look for us at the MJS Sports Show this weekend! We're at the Outdoor Wisconsin booth. Rotchild is in the studio tonight.... You wouldnt believe your ears.... Be on the lookout for Rm12's first collab mixtape due late march.... you too (: I have already submitted yours a few times because you're a beast. why are you rooting for Chelsea? Seriously? Then listen on the computer. Staff pet portraits this morning for part of a Public Engagement project. Many cute dogs. Word is a hamster is on the way. Done with work. yay, back at you:) Reserve & Small Batch Wines are Open Today at Grove! Reserve Chard, Ensemble, Syrah, Malbec, etc. can b tasted 4 price of regular tasting. The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others I look forward to your tweets! Yes, please come by and check us out. In addition to facials and waxing, we offer nail care too! does this defining silence mean nothing to no one but me Of course! You don't have to worry bout the dress tho ;-) Knowledge is learning something every day. Wisdom is letting go of something every day ~ Zen Proverb Struggles with control but a good pick up. Was a starter on 2007 Rockies WS team. Set up guy. Giving out my last invitations today.(: “: {Blows a kiss at and } You both just turned all of the men and horny girl on.” Uh, yep! X Audition on saturday ,,,Hm fingers crossed Hope to see u one day sir, we got a lot to talk about. Just dont overdress in a suit or nothing. I prefer a shot of Patron Wedding.books or not. I personally don't believe in same sex marriage, but I don't want my beliefs to be imposed on other people's lifestyles. Miguel already shot a video for quickie rocsi . A freezer full of rotten meat fell off the truck, splashing me with the foulest of perfumes. I was pretty sure I made this temporary, but I guess its permanent. Smh ha so not really I also got a 45 of "Feel A Whole Lot Better" by The Byrds with alternate vocal, and used stuff: dB's, Costello, Hitchcock... hi there A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies. testing again morgan signed with the Redskins. :( I knowww I love it!!! OMFG THEY USED RACHAEL'S QUESTION. I KNEW IT THE MINUTE HE SAID "RACHAEL FROM CANADA" HOLY TALETO lucky. I got a bag of rocks on my news desk. you gotta come grab it yourself, I couldn't get pat his application either i Love you Julian <3! Thanks for the follow <3 xoxo "Everywhere I look, you're all I see. Did you mean anything? Can't you see you're my everything?" Last night got weird. I wish I was still sleeping. I want Dunkin Donuts. Just what I needed to start my day: An email with the subject head "Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube." Thank you, #food PR people... Aimee Bohn is the only person who retweets my stuff. thanks girl ^_^ :'( i love you please forgive me it was my mom :'( thanks for checking out my youtube page. I like Jude's communication style: short, simple, self-focused. Hey People(: Evil Jane is so hot love to you!! Carmen is the winner??!! : seriously? Like, for realz?? Ha! Aw. You & are my style icons. you just are thanks for having us! you were great tonight, too! Happy Halloween MWP should have been kicked out of the NBA for that cheap shot on Harden! Listen to new Electric Kingdom Live host, Ashley G in the studio with Darwin Castillo. Keep it locked kidz!! How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand! My head hurts from all the information I just absorbed. Parents give a holler if you know what an IEP means. Ew, Travis is crossing his legs like a woman. A3. Star Trek's transporter or Doctor Who's Tardis. Duh! Q3 What fictional form of transportation do you wish existed and why? tummy ache Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!! Phase 1 complete. Commencing acquisition of Howard This of course assumes that there are actually any "sane" Republicans Now time for hockey. You know your pants are too big when they fall off you while you run.. Shoulda bought a small. It's not just about who you know or what you know - it's what you do with your knowledge you gain & how you treat others that matters. okayy yu gonna do it now Damn...it not lookin good all the sudden for my #Coyotes ...We gotta step it up! WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR GOALIE..HE WAS KILLIN IT LAST 2 SERIES Film Editing #Oscars - Prediction - The Artist – Anne-Sophie Bion and Michel Hazanavicius A little tardy to the party, but we appreciate all of you faculty ! Happy National Teacher's Day! I trust not a damn soul# foulplay I feel bad for that lil girl dieing after a fist fight with another girl. She had a good life and now taken away at an early age.GodBlessyou Bro I woke up at 1.. I feel like such a bum Good foul. Lakers left with 5 seconds to do something... That last at bat by Braun just made me cry. haha I bet it was! Lol Mr. Omamofe Boyo, Deputy CEO of will speak at 2012 #CUAEF Keynote Address! A chug off for the win. Seriously. Games are on tonight in federal hill!!! I finished the poem for my Big Momma. Ily always my dear! JK, it cool. Also, Kris Pickel reminds me of a suburban housewife that hangs out at the (cougar town) Panini's in Westlake. I think I kind of like R! lol. Yeah or they shouldn't have reconnected. Andrew would have gone back to LA forever stuck in dead end job, wondering what if What is the most embarrassing thing that you've ever done? Ready do it again? I'm not watching cuz I'm studying. I open twitter and I see these tweets. Lawd... I'm tempted to turn on this train wreck! Watching Secret Life ! Thanks for the follow, Amy. Hope you have a wonderful weekend! like i'd rather listen to lil B rap then talk on the phone Jesus, JaVale Mcgee is beautiful... rose is my act love You may be the only one who loves the FB changes.It'd be OK if changes were once in a while...not nearly every month. wonderful! i RTed ur mission. can u? we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent & integrate in2 society! Just b/c I love to stay at home on the weekends in my PJs and hang out with my dogs doesn't mean I'm a homebody. Okay, yes it does. it's probably been 2 yrs since I've felt this horrible... Heyy! Hope you are having a wonderful day! :) I say wit bosh maybe but without bro idk becuz they didn't win tell lebron an Wade got tired Certainly my favorite-named tool. Little ashamed to admit it took me a while to realize it was named that bc it's made of bone Heels Win, Duke Blue.. Heading home from NACAC Conference in NOLA, must say that it was one of the best in the 19 years I've been attending. Honored to speak An amazing group of people committed to impacting change. Looking forward to the work we do together. Watching #IntoTheAbyss...Dear god... it's not the link, it's the ut server... not sure why it's blinking out, but it should be up before long :) You need to try one of those bacon-wrapped hot dogs they sell outside Staples center. They're the #truth! Where annual elections end, there slavery begins. lol and it is even when y'all try to b unpredictable yall moves are telegraphed like bad pass "I will always recognize the sound of a movie projector." Best quote from Hugo. If you say Dwights cool, but you don't listen to him. You are #notafan. Straight biz And thanks. :-) Shouts to and we all about to get ship poplin Thank you! Still looking for suitable side chairs, but it's nice to have something to lounge on at last. Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. -Galatians 6:9- sometimes but you there to push the speed so I manage out good that would be cool! Just watched Rio for the 100th time with my daughter, #Brazil looks dope even on animation. Maybe I should go on a diet. Eh. Maybe. April is National Minority Health Month. Earthquake training/drill? Really does someone know something and is not sharing? Space is limited for the 2-day intensive for the May'12 BCBA exam prep course! Email us for more info @ New Nissan lineup coming to Briggs Nissan Lawrence boasts fuel efficiency Its okay..I believe U <U+263A> "We could have been so much more in another life," she said. Does that mean that this life is nearly over? Please? Thanks...for the RT about the radio show!! :) Done in Indy! Chi-bound, excited for show Saturday night!! Winter Weather Advisory for #RVA! With warm temperatures over past few days accumulations should be light and isolated to grassy surfaces The big c is probably the best show on tv right now Alex Smith should get paid... in Miami. One more beer please thus is the reason for birth control and safe sex. - "aspirations" me - well someone swallowed a dictionary.... haha did you find it at Walmart? or is this still your old way of making iced coffee? lol Dude. I haven't checked twitter in ages. You can see my bathroom when you come over before our show. Working on the Country Showdown Country Music Talent Contest. Wearing my cowboy hat everywhere to get in the mood. Dang Mayor Dave Bing tryin 2 cut back on everything, EVERYTHING EVERYTHING (In Katt Williams voice)....lol I have heard about the difficulties. Come to the iOS dark side J… I shoulda got ketchup for my nuggets I wonder who showed you that;) I wish I had Chelseas dad I don't know who's worse... Rondo fans or Lebron fans... #100inningbaseball game today. Then #NCCAmarchmadness. It's gonna be a im glad you been good hun!! i missed talking to you!! i been GREAT VETransfer has stickers! Gonna watch a movie by myself!:/ I sometimes think only subscribes to a 'bully pulpit' form of religion to justify his politics. It's sad. "Business is in itself a power." - Garet Garrett. BITCH! I invented the damn games. You can't fool me! your face= flawless. Book Review: Norwegian Cakes and Cookies - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog) Famous Dave's with I'm disgusted right now. Worked hard and put time in to make a good package & it'll need air cuz of a stupid tech glitch &......... Good luck!! Where are you interviewing? Go Broncos! RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis. Janoris Jenkins will turn to be the best CB in this draft. Steal in the 2nd round. RT : It doesn't get better than this #beer #wine tasting & Social Media w/ Chicken Milano sub at Quiznos is a big meh Excited for tomorrow's #fightwinter work out challenge! do you go there often? Chicago has 69 points omg Hearing my own voice gives me mixed emotions. #sloppyshowtoday RT : ...I can hear you while i type, this is... i wish i could go to texas! seeing flogging molly in june with hannah, deb and my dad \m/ great job from the NE Revs supporter groups, showing solidarity. and the vultures start to circle ... I'm watching on #Ustream!!!! :D she hides Reeces in her room!! Lol Follow?? Haha get off your phone in the theater WOOT! #WEBEATLA! RT via DeMarcus Cousins put it DOWN TONIGHT! Shout out to Tyreke Evans too! Nice dude! DM me, okay? First day of work = successful depending where you are located, I can help by providing access to quality lawyers for a low monthly fee legallyspeaking.ca #PrayForEmily - A single pregnant 16yr old girl who lives with her 2 friends. #COMinaDay isn't over! Keep those cameras rolling. And since we've got you here, someone please bring us more cake pops from the Bake-Off. is that in that the coffee shop in dwelling spaces?? As a Raiders/Ravens fan I don't have a dog in this hunt. But I'm leaning 49ers, although Ahmad Bradshaw is from my home town. Confession: Woke up at 4 AM with the song "Call Me Maybe" stuck in my head. I could not get "Call Me Maybe" out of my head for 30 minutes. im just joking with u! Homework FUN. fml. jk. but seriously no that fun lol 00071a Sat 05may12 . Clock out 2100 . tested video monitor for installation; off to home depot to get more supplies for the exhibition WORK OUT MODE: Hitting it hard! What the what? No reservations required! About the same price as a cab! (206)722-7696 more cars, more drivers. Aww man, I was looking forward to seeing you last night at Jane Friedman's! :( miss you too!!! <3 Nope.. Nope.. and if its a public fund ill contribute $20. Watch with faith, not just your eyes. What? Why are these girls running in the pouring rain at 6AM? I don't even call that dedication, I call that a step on the road to insanity Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there. just 2 more hours to go lol but i heard that john cena got injuyed in his match against brock just hopes he okay Is everyone ready???? RT : Keep following us today and everyday for fun giveaways! Just ate for the first time today..... not high enough watch out Mke! One of my top five days of the year...happy NFL draft day!! The bad news is I didn't win the lottery. The good news is that you didn't. Hey i miss : i haven't talked to him in a while! <3 Apparently asking for a day off to move is unacceptable. Oh well I have a life outside of work so they can just pack sand. I better be that girl:-) RT : RT : Why am I still up? Happy Birthday and may god bless every step you take :) and keep inspiring people because you are amazing :) <3 Congrats to all our graduating seniors { } + all of the other grads! Cc Come together!!!! Omg crying. This movie is so sad. you think god picks who he wants to end each day? Happy Early Easter!! "The spirit of Easter is all about Hope, love, and joyful living. "- Anonymous. hey man you seen Asher Bradshaw? It might be cool to have him at the factory... Implant clinics to face Dáil grilling hey there Niall! how was your day so far? i hope to meet you this summer!! you are my idol! I'm not mean I'm just telling the truth So those who aren't librarians call themselves whatever they think of themselves as. Why not? Best bakery, awesome pickles n killer knish. SD girl, always hit DZs on trips home. PS- Autofill prefers minivan to knish. I needed a job to simply sustain my consumption what a crazy day! YOLO and I'm spending my life great!! Never underestimate anyone. Dark chocolate is full of nutritious elements, and im not saying that cuz I'm eating some now LOL YOYO when do I get to hear some tunes. Holiday vacation has never been this boring. Just woke up <U+0001F44D> I try :D she is coming to Summer Jam....FYI. : "Our training staff is the best I've ever had" - chatting on If you love Mermaids then check this out...a brand new fantasy NaLee2010.com the beginning of a trilogy!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D Luvs me some cold play can't wait. Til they come to DC Sex ain't better than love? Who lied to Trey Songz? Lol go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center Hey I'm excited to hear you will be coming. I'm sorry to hear your husband will be deployed, but I will be praying for you both! It’s not what you KNOW, it’s how you THINK that will make you successful. Very chilly day here! How was your visit to Baltimore? Strangely compelling! RT : I want one of these in my mouth - Newest Super Bowl treat: chicken wing cupcakes... ....!!!happy v-day everyone i luvvvv u guyz and my undercover fans Vip going in now funniest show I seen in awhile good shit man Good times today, homey. Hope i don't get stood up o_0. sticker shock.<---food, utilities, clothes, or just the price of war? Oh hey. :P Hey I like the new twitter!! Beckham just scored from the santa monica pier. 3-1 Galaxy yeah me too, then I get paid and remember why I do it. Haha OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2. Compensation for 18 years non-payment of COLA's 3.Budget Transparency I don't recall that. It was also 9AM and I was about to see Pirates 4, so I was in a dark place when I saw it... RT : May is officially here! Don't miss out on the 11th Annual #bvimusicfest this Memorial Day Wknd. 1963 operations research & systems engineering study: same questions & concerns 49 yrs later Alexis, THANK YOU for being flexible and delivering an outstanding keynote via Skype. Worked out very well. isn't doing doc review redacting. That's right is NOT!!! Wasn't talking bout you stupid -.- I was talking bout her. it just got real . everyone in #educ5224 and #csc207 should get rid of the egg! Nice job Doesn't know why my upstairs neighbors think that midnight is a good time to move furniture. WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR RT : Q2b) How do you reign-in a SME who is providing too much complexity & detail? There is nothing like seeing the first of your childhood friends get married. Yikes! We are in charge of the work for next work. Now I'm freaking out. Have you talked to Sheryl? A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. well i had a beautiful nap :) i wonder i has had time to watch the harry potter marathon on abc family this weekend <3 i'm such an awesome big sister, if i do say so myself... One burb. Drivers seem to hate and ignore bikers. May be a commuting thing, too. Thanks for the RT! Thank You God for blessing me with another day of life!!! Love to all the mothers across the world!! hehe... your cool(; Just saw this scruffy looking guy lmao The more I become aware of my abundant inner nature, the more outer abundance will show up in my life, I have countless vid of harassment from people I don't even know. Like WalMart of all places. And especially the VA Hospital here in Fargo. Sure hope #uk wins tomorrow. Pressure is on Last day of 2011... so what's your plans for the day? That's funny. Thanks for the insight, Nicole. u kno i hate this song -_____- i saida top ta ta ta top ta ta ta ta top Showed up to be an extra for the fun of it. Shouldn't have mentioned I worked production… next thing I knew, production had stolen me. where u at hoe Happy Thursday tweethearts, ya girl headed to pin ups... Shake wat ya mamma gave ya!!!!! With my baby's father. I'm glad he is stepping up and realizing how precious of a person im carrying inside me Everybody beat him with your batons! Oh they're rubber? Use your fists!!! nice avi. Damn you thick<U+0001F44D> Just had a 15 minute phone call with about the attitude you need to succeed as an actor. Great motivator, check him out! Anyone else listening to this 14 yo who does what I do in FL? It's on Finally, someone who understands baseball. Thanks DD. We'll see if I make it out of Friday. NATO summit in downtown Chicago with plenty of crazy protestors. :-( looking forward to judging DSM tonight at more rhymes than Carl Sagan's got turtlenecks Somebody birthday is tomorrow ... Wonder who? Follow back? :-> Bob Lindmeier just said in the forecast we can expect a decent amount of sunshine. What's an indecent amount of sunshine? I definitely don't blame you. I am offering an amendment to extend TANF benefits. wow that looks exciting! Just watch episode 14 of ! Had 2 callbacks for the role of Brick. Great show oh I can't WAIT to see. How old are these songs? He needs to get the right people in their running that thing. Get rid of the yes men. Full Crate playlist....all i need to start the day you goin to rancid or what? Have to go get a filling. Fml. we share a love for reading! Now we get to share here on twitter. Thanks for following! Black Bear in Hoboken. Fantastic wings Ok cool cuz ur a funny guy!!! No close relation if any. There is a Urie family tree thing out there somewhere. I am right where I need to be to get to where I'm going tomorrow. From The Language of Letting Go by Melody Beattie Happy Monday everyone! What was the best part of your Holiday weekend? iam working on brand new music as we speak and want to re-release Kiss The Skye's "Low Budget Soundtrack" soo fashoo what Jim said. What version do you have? “A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will always stick around.” RT " People go this Sunday...thank me later"... Crawfish Boil #2! Do you celebrate #Lent? Did you give something up, or will you give back? Or neither? And I could call you baby doll all the time And you'd whisper in my ears The desert fathers say: an arch fell in Scetis, all because of a cup of wine. take a pik and post it in the group on fb Love how it takes 2 days to respond to a tweet...step your game up clown. Cant wait for our man date to hunger games tonight you know, claps..tambourine... HOW AWKWARD It must've been for the guy who invented clapping... *clapclap* .. dude, what are you doing? .. idk but it sounds encouraging. looked in penelope's mouth and found 4 missing teeth...thats 6 teeth lost in 3 days...that reminds me has anyone seen teeth the movie :-/ #ImAlexsGirl love ya :) <U+2764> it's better than high school? And I'm goin to hcc first then a university! :) afc champion and nfc champion :) ravens and gaints is what i want :) NEVER that! #Lakers4Life “: lol! Join the Clipper rise!” Yes, did you? If doesn't play Skinny Love next Thursday in SF, I might pout a lot. cc lls no u were supposed to say aww bby im sorry you thinking Hillis doesn't produce same #'s again this year? Taking the tour Just found this...very cool. I am a Veteran/Actor. I'm currently filming on 'The Lone Ranger' I PLUGGED YOUR IPOD IN AND IT ERASED EVERYTHING is 'bout to do her Model Walk @ the Curvy Revolution Spring Fashion Show!!! @ FLAT 151 #ThingsIGetAlot....You have the COOLEST CUTEST bedroom EVER ! It needs to be on MTV Cribs lol :-) :-) :-) Hey bored and a little sleeply( if thats a word!) Need a new place downtown for lunch?Stop by The Screaming Goat!! A la carte menu gets you exactly what you want at an amazing price! Meow meow meow meow meow meow hates me... All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle. hey fuck you Quantitative vs qualitative measurements If you asked me to... I just might change my mind. please follow me back so I can respond :) Don't arrive until midnight on Thurs. Sorry to miss it! Hey , my answer is 300 I will watch the #grammys tonight, but only because of the Foo Fighters' many nominations. Dolphins chances of a PR or KR for a TD increased a ton with the drafting of Lamar Miller. Weekend of GLUTTONY with good reason I thought I was bad at speeches until I heard Bob Ivers horrible grammy speech last night.. wow epic fail! Couldn't. Be. Happier. just sitting on skype all night long <3 how we spent every night for the past 3 weeks <3 girl! But be mad as hell when he think another mf tryna play daddy... "move yo feet, loose yo seat" This nigga just said "bro , play Booty Me Down" O_O lol that's the main reason why I'm getting distracted. I get too into a song and end up typing the lyric >.< lmfao Have you noticed that, except for people we work with, we have no idea what our friends' handwriting looks like? happy birthday to the inspirational !! GOT "NEVA END" BY FUTURE BUMPiNG iN Mi HEAD... #Brokenhearted by is #19 on Ryan Seacrest's American Top 40 Radio :) Omg this beer thing is freaking me out! Facebooking, tweeting, designing a website, and creating an online tutorial all at the same time. I'm an expert multitasker! did you know MC Donald's Smoothies has no added sugars S/O to dr.voight for being a cunt licker and taking me off of zofran completely. I'm so done being sick. Look at me jay walk, cop bitch! This week 3 years ago, I was at home recovering from surgery. Today I am 3 years cancer free. Life is good. :-) Apparently the Puyallup is closing. I remember the lines when it opened. That lasted about a month ... When Atheists go to court, do they have to swear on the bible? Head hurts :/ Wine remedy? Hey babez, look like I'm back in the stu after a long 2 weeks of outside work! Who hooo, feels good! City council chambers packed, SRO. Lots of SCAN supporters here. Thank you! means laugh ma loud Nesta hints wanting to come to MLS. should use some of that LeTeux money sick is exactly right. I could throw up right now. sure I will right now so wats up Thanks to all who attended the #BestSeminar and followed along on Twitter. See you next year! What the eff is up with that ish? My lovely son and daughter watered the plants .... Son getting things ready for school tomorrow. Thanks for following! If the Nuggets want to win this game someone other than Miller needs to make offensive rebounds Powerful, coherent defense! MT : so 2 blk cats in a row crossed my path on way home-what kind of sign is that for my defence tomoro? saludos desde Texas... thanks for following I don't like selling my stuff but I have to Tonight i will rock murphy's in memphis, and probably pillage the townspeople. Tomorrow, we conquer Lexington. 60's in Denver still. . . will it snow for Christmas? It's London-wet outside, right now. Perfect 4 #thirstythursday Red Mtn Red. Big powerful Cabernet with elegant merlot and a touch of malbec. YUM Can I ask yhu something ??? My neighbor made up with her BF after their brawl on Saturday. She personally told me by repeatedly screaming "DEEPER" in Russian. TY for the shout out! Updates to come! The anthology horror lives! You're welcome! :) no joke! #CelebrityApprentice - Trump listened 2 that dude. Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart At applebees with Chest all big n shitt is it Busy? Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for $250 round trip, this year $250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's $550 “: I need more money and more Hoes lol” don't we all. It means people who go around acting like they think they're Hot make themselves "ugly" or unappealing to most. :) There's like no one at work this morning.... RT : Thank you for supporting public education in Texas!! thank you(: It is helpful to signal to the driver, especially at night. We're sorry to hear about your issue. Record store day. Wish I lived in the UK so I could grab up 's Ekki Múkk single. You know what I want? A food cart that serves whiskey. Outside my downtown offices. During the workday. Every workday. I'm so excited for camp orlando and to spend it with my friends before I say my goodbyes :) <U+2665> "If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success." - Will Smith #in #truth comes L.A. or Denver? Metta World Peace back. Kobe in a Game 7. Mike Brown, Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum jobs on the line. wow! What a turn out! SOU offense puts on a show - Mail Tribune Prom special $100 for hair and airbrush make-up! 312-404-0853 Always a pleasure seshing with & ^_^ hm yum yum yum yum yum its okay Matt it just makes me think You are too funny!!!! Good luck, Bob! This man either dont know how to use a condom or pull out...one of the 2 Sacrifice your body Love the streaks of light shining on Obama. Looks like God is shining down on him. I love talking to my girls! Girl I want you to know you make my heart and soul go La-di-da-di-do oh I love you. #PFPayphone My band will soon be covering this #FF>Also just sayin' ROCKS! Other rocking folks to follow: #AintNothingLike waking from a loonnnggg night to some pancakes, eggs and bacon YUM Around the #SPM Lounge? Join & in a brainstorming session on the finer points of a car wrap for Thanks so much for #FF. Have a magical weekend:) #artwalk in Pioneer Square is a good enough reason for a party... as if any of us need a reason for a party. what does #HOP mean? me to lol Happy Thanksgiving folks! Have a super weekend :) Once you learn to deeply love & respect yourself & maintain it, you can also ignite deep love & respect in other people as well. En route to the Isthmus Beer Fest! Pictures to come! that's only two days lol quit being a baby!! <U+0001F60A> Is it sad/wrong that I love your blog? Have been following your blogging for a while. Thought I'd say Cheers! A fun filled day of hiking in the Redwoods with she needs to do a proactiv commercial I want some twizzlwrs <U+0001F603> Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better? Have ?'s about navigating #BSEED? Contact Biz Advocate... I guess you can say that. Lol Also: I JUMPED ON A TRAMPOLINE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN //YEARS// AND IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBERED. BOOM. Lucky day! a hoard of your favorite international writers are meetin' and greetin' Hooray for #PENFest12!... Oh that's too bad because "Scandal" could easily be called "The Bold and the White House". Nothing to lose Truffle popcorn, fluffy blanket and good movie, perfect for the a Saturday night when it is raining! I want to get a Peace sign tattoo. Should I? Sorry, me fell asleep :P Very nice! I think I've seen those glasses somewhere recently - yummy colors. Cute map, too Dante breaks down the lighting for Cora in the infirmary. The lighting was suggested by the gaffer - Wedge Light aka Book Light Wow - Season Finale of was so good! Thank u to all my new followers! I can't follow u back until I reach 1,000 followers but know that I want to...and hopefully can soon. I'm so glad I got rid of all the fakes and phonies in my life..feel like a weight had been lifted off Prezi is all the rage at too! cc: , , - we hope you will attend our event on Feb 22nd, 7pm, Oakwood North Clubhouse. :) not lucky, just good . . . at my job! I love your name! Ballet is a great way to feel graceful in your movement! Thanks for following! Yes, but mostly by remembering them, since age 3, and try to analyze patterns and sequences. Recall many from decades ago. So On the plane our pilot told us LAX was shut down And we would have to stop in Vegas instead. Best #Aprilfools Of the Day haha. Can't sleep, time to watch #TheGuild again! This show is my second fave after When cries when she thinks of the or Jonathan Quick. omgg. laughed when i saw spenser! :) I'm back home. I have a meeting at a new club tomorrow sorry! I would love these new automatic lights in my classroom if the sensor would actually register my movement. Working in the dark. and Thesis theme is best for SEO. thanks girl!! What do you think are the best things to write about?!? I feel like no one cares ;) I always see posts about but I have no idea what it is. About to look into it, but anyone want to give a crash course? Hey! We can't do reservations in advance, but we'll do our best to have you covered, and you'll always get an email receipt! surprisingly yes. It's one wanting to take me on a date. Lol and about 3 others I'm really feeling. Wait are you coming Saturday? can it be this weekend by any chance? I just gotta turn the money in.. I understand...I wish it was Friday already! Just watched The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel tonight. Good Film! A Happy and Healthy New Year to you! ur welcome boo... :) I hate going 2 work on Monday's <U+E155><U+E416><U+E113> never feel it!!! Need some mud (coffee)<U+E045><U+E05A> from the cafeteria STAT!!! ahaha true... well I hope you get to meet him, next time I see him I'll let him know he needs to go to Finland =) When takes up my entire twitter feed..... Can't wait!!! I get to hang with and at Hard Rock Orlando tonight!! Need to teach Tori and how to rock! nothing? hehe. i'm just saying(: when is the new ad coming out featuring Aaron Rodgers coming out. Awww gave me my first #ff in a long time :)) so #ff her ^.^ Follow My Dude He Follows Back Everyone, So Go Follow Him!!! Love the move to get Colt McCoy as the backup QB. I know!! Were you at these days? Haha! We see you ! that saves me the trouble of having to ask how much I owe you! back in Très chic! RT Sippin' out of juice cups. Breakfast of champions! (@ The Grape) Thanks Pauline, I hope u have an awesome weekend \m/ Brian Eno's ambient albums. I'm more interested in U as a humanist. Why would U suggest I think about starting a business? Have U done it? I'll listen. Why? I don't know lol RT : White people LOVE Sir Charles!!! Police: Autistic children trapped in a caged room "reached their arms to grab" detectives and once free, "were excited and smiling." kgw 6 I hate when girls hair is up to their ears and than wear extensions down to their ass the next day .. But yes im alive people..just been trying to get myself together & the last thing i need are distractions - We'll be sponsoring some Oakland students soon. Stay posted to support some of Oakland's own! why why why cant i be a nice bitch why : also there are tons of Fear and Loathing references in this movie. The Morning After Pill sold in a vending machine. Where and why it is happening on the CBS 58 Morning News. Now I'm afraid to fall back asleep looks like you had a successful event. Hope your well! You are welcome! I haven't seen them perform, but I've heard RAVES, and would like to be in a place where I could see them. RT : I'm finding out more and more that the "who's who" of young professionals will be at the this Sat...so excited! Dead week is gonna kill me So awkward RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're awesome. thank you so much. I love Scottsdale...except the hot summer months! Whats been up Bro? Check in on you for a minute... RT: talk less, say more. think that was Ben Franklin ;) I bet there are more people tryna make it with musik then anything else in the world. I love the Hey no problem, glad you asked. Let us know what u think once you've raced next year. Love to hear feedback! Trending Topics I want to make happen Hard to hear, feel like I grew up with him.... Rest in Peace Miami won! Petition #thevoice to bring back How is it REAL talent gets eliminated & we have to hear "Walk like an Egyptian"? Again, I know its only 4 games into the season, but the #brewers bullpen needs to step it up. Beautiful day in MN for soccer-any ideas how to block out parents screaming at the 3rd graders like they need to be Olympic gold medalists? never been sarah can you follow me please (: Just thinking about some of the guys I've dated...... TF WAS I THINKING! That would have been a nice touch, especially since they were already fonting the horses' names. Spending by outside groups to influence mid-terms surpasses $445 million. Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1 Sorry sweetie..! Your not the topic of my subject... Its all about me u better calm down Mr HJ Still trying to get all of our followers onto our new account! not go follow us! : ) Time to relocate to NYC! :) RT : I officially no longer DJ anywhere in this city. Almost retired I suppose. Prototype 2 looking kind of tight. Going to give it a shot. Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life, but I'd be even more thankful for a win i saw ya pic girl im tryna get rite too dat shyt hard im on a diet i posta stop drinking sodas ima see how far i get wit dat Attention Chicago Tribune employees: The cafeteria is out of coffee, so they just sold me a large Americano for $1. Happy valentine's day If your LCS sucks, preorder through DCBS or buy digital. Easy! I dont want da lil money niggas b makin down here like gotti said...I WANNA MAKE M'S NIGGA DATS MILLIONS.. RT : I think we should get #SpreadTheLove a TT ! Although orgs can't set up accounts on Google+ yet, librarians should play with it now and learn it, in case it catches on. You guys went and saw it i'm going later today! Have you read the other books.. wheres the money in the bank match? Three years ago today I saw Sing It Loud play the Rave Bar for $8. It was my first ever show at the Rave, thanks to . Nothing is more terrifying than a seemingly endless sneezing spell. Wi-fi installed at home...getting my place ready for the iPad 3! got my fix today of J.O. ! Thank you! When are you coming to Hollywood? Driving in Fox Point on a warm Spring evening is like a real-live drivers ed simulation. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!!!!! I love the tropics so much I even get their diseases in the northern latitudes. Go figure . Season 8 reminded me of the intro to Swiss Family Robinson, except they all slowly drown in a miasma of despair afterwards. If ya still wanna kiss it, then nigga come and get it We are only on this globe for a short time, so it is our duty to do all we can to have an impact beyond our lifetime. Dope set at the BMI showcase tonight. Today is my wife's birthday, too! Happy day to and Ladies! Don't miss High Tea & SWAPPING Spree in SF at The Palace Hotel this Sat! www.clothingswap.com/palace will be posting about our film Types in Stereo next week! Stayed tuned for updates GOOOAAAALLLL NEW JERSEY the only source for that "news" is one guy with a random fake news blog so how you still in school ... #Imagine that you can meet with all everyday ! Woww ! I want ! Diamonds are a girl's best-friend<U+0001F48E> So I type a text to this girl I used to see saying that I chose this cutie pie with whom I want to be #Wifey You know The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life. - Muhammad Ali can you bring me the ticker tapes tmr cause I can't do my part w/o them Yo, playing with Synfig for the first time. This thing looks solid! Near the Flatiron Building? Shopping at ABC? Check out brio's new outpost on broadway. Southeast Corner of 21st street... saw that yesterday -- awesome stuff! A very sad day, Kenny. Bless Mr. Hicks, wherever he is. About to hit up Napa River Grill where she first fell in love with me. #loveatfirstsight First time back since that day! HA The top 3 are totally boring. Is it just me, or does crappy, rainy weather inspire you to get your #creativewriting projects done? If KD is not the #NBAMvp I don't know who is..... so true, huh RT : 'Upon a 12 hour reflection, my point of failure was relying on 3rd party APIs vs. common sense.' “: My answer is yes and no. We have both decorations up in my house.” thanksgiving is always appreciated in my house Josephine Mining Corp. Announces Resignation of Director and CFO Happy Friday! Rick Reilly is easily the worst contributor to and certainly #Masters. His reports remind me of 6th grade book reports. Awful. Thanks for the follow! She said she wasn't a freak, but she was down to try things. In which I shamelessly (and somewhat incorrectly) use the term "human obsolescence" go.usa.gov/nn3 check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent! SHUT UP THEY JUST WON HOLLLLLAAAAAA So birds, bees, and now tree frogs... never a dull moment :))) One more time... Happiest of ageless birthdays to the amazing ! I simply adore you just found On Omegle ! Go Follow Her! You have to on typewriters because the type is fixed width. Yep. It was the nurse word that did it for me. feeling great, heading to the gym <U+0001F4AA><U+0001F601> &you? coffee <U+2615>supply good? RT : Celebrate Mother’s Day this weekend at BJ’s! Treat Mom to one of our new specialty drinks and BJ’s Famous Pizookie®! Sun, Mon, & Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care, e.g. BP meds, etc. RT Don’t chase people. You’ll grow tired and they’ll keep running. Games are for children. congrats! how exciting! When things in life are not as monetarily accessible to you as they were once before, you will do almost anything it takes to get there. My friend just made out with the keyboard player from the White Rabbits. Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.” HA! Even if they dont win any games the intro will be fire! Thanks for your help! Yes, I've leaned on support.... Thanks to those who bought tickets to the ADDYs. It'll be a big crowd. Glad the ADDY committee added more bars this year. she cheated on him by kissing another guy i even have a pic I finally got song hook it up as my ringtone when ppl text mhe so ilike texting now because iwould hear hook it up We have green leaf juices! Super healthy & super delish! You should try one...with some lemon & ginger! not much! How are you doing? The world should be listening to up and coming Brooklyn MC CD is Hip Hop...she is spitting some real things This is getting rough! you have a lot to say about this game. Yes, it is.... I just don't get that! So the weather man is telling me it's supposed to snow tonight?! Aw, come on. Just bought subways for & I! Making the most of the picnic tomorrow! :) ok wish me luck on the way to the radio station now #EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho They dont like being in public with! let's get you some vegan chocolate. We missed registration, but still want to ride. Happy to donate the $25 even without t-shirt. This ok? It's going to look great- don't worry! I enjoy virtual #coffee w/awesome peeps I'd never heard of but if they're like the and my stuff isn't safe, I sure wouldn't stay there. Screw that! Good night twitter! :) why do you tan I mean according to JEALOUS people your fake.... Personally I think you look sexy guuurl :* next time you come into roanoke we need to make sure we can see emily cause all this bull shit is keeping us from seeing her Congrats to all of the graduates. Proud to say that our three seniors earned degrees today. Go ! what about just 600 :D But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce... Congrats to Whitney Houston on 2 months of sobriety! Our tax dollars paid for the Secret Service agents to do what?!?! Tax Day is bad timing for the air waves to be discussing that! So sad... oh yes. Farmers market is on my list. thanks for the mention! Hope you and yours enjoy the program. I will have to pick it up! Up early to prepare for my Knitting crash course . See you there... we love it. #ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, abt a victim's life spiraling out of control. what'd the malibu state parks do to you? Oh, I will!!! It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there! whats up everybody! BTW....DID U WISH JILL ZARIN a HAPPY B-DAY?? Before I say anything, I just wanna start off by sayin, God is good all the time...oh don't nobody know what to say back to jesus?1 Imma go out to eat today by myself what if we had the fire truck outside and got a pic of it on the fire truck? you must have had kind, conscientious mothers...my mom would never pretend to like my haircut! I shall try! If Browns are really considering trading up, then they fell into the Vikes' bluff. Talk about coming home and jumping right into the fire… all good though. Do you know lots about the iphone world? I was there too! It was a great show #KSsynapse Visualizing new protein populations. TimeSTAMP-YFP, attached to your fave protein, irreversibly fluoresces after adding a drug. #Diabetes New Drug Boosts ‘Good’ Cholesterol </t experimental pill that boosts levels of "good" HDL cholesterol produced encouraging result Delmont man conquers Straight of Gibraltar swim - Chicago Tribune what tea is that? There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true. I don't hear much about South Baltimore or North, but I sure hear about Northeast or SoWeBo. schools out for summer!!!! Yu Yu Hakusho was a raw ass show dude! If it's any thing like Dolphy Day prepare yourself i followed Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn Good thing I haven't even started my homework ProLogis CEO on Fox: "Our customers are expanding and we're beginning to build in the US." yes I'll be in touch soon, and get back in the game when baseball seems to work itself out. Red Sox yesterday, wow! Haha I don't think I am who you think I am. I can actually write paragraphs that contain more than one sentence. I suspect people will smile beningly at my AA mtg this evening doing little donating to a charity. Andrew Willinger JUST misses a HR, but his double scores a run and St. X has tying run 90 feet away. McCormick bats for Tigers w/ no outs. what are you guys up to? About to go eat breakfast nice shot Rise in teenage pregnancy ‘due moral values breakdown’ GovPerry is touting Texas economy. He also decries federal government "intruding" on states w/ enviro regs, healthcare, labor policy etc. I'll be watching bro;-) ready for another nasa tweetup!!! Sexual repression. Or did you have a less honest / more appropriate answer? Victoria Sounds Incredible! #enoughsaid :) thanks lady!! I miss you too! Just a reminder.. watch my videos if you like money! If the candidate was nervous an opportunity to calm down, strengthen their presentation, clarify themselves. RT : less training as an "event" and more performance support is closed for Innovation Day! My team will work on a self-chosen project & present their work at 4PM. cont...four years and i love the art of dance; not to mention yall r totally hot! (yes im bi) sorry if ur offendedl thats just Tornadoes, snow, and a drop of 40 degrees in a matter of days This is a good methods exam, if I do say so myself... :) Looking forward to seeing "Annie" tonight at JBE theatre! We eat so many shrimp I got iodine poisonin'. #PRINCE I LOVE YOU! GO #BREWERS! I can smell homefield! just watched a trailer that was advertising a movie trailer that will be released this weekend. doesn't every woman over there dress like someone's grandmother? Except Posh Spice... But she's American now! Ohio rep discussing history of relation btwn legislation, economy, & educational attainment. Football with dad and Mik :) ... lol I mean q few ppl here and there Just passed the corner where Bob Hope used to sell newspapers. University Circle...105th & Euclid. Reminder: Fundraiser to support PPPCS TOMORROW: 3pm-close , 15% of ALL drink & food sales! Grab a bite & help PPPCS! YES IT IS! and no Good morning, wonderful Monday to all, order your day in the best way to make it work for you! same here too much actually ahah Will be giving a plenary address at #joyce2011, "The Einstein of English Fiction" I'm done eating Need 3,000 anyone want to give me a s/o “: Exited to sing tomorrow en español at First wednesday! Don't miss out ” 07 Allora Petite Sirah. 3% Cab Sauv. Some spice on a closed nose. Hard to get by huge tannins. Concentrated, thick, promising. 88 pts. ok, so I'm here for my class, but shhh, don't tell... I'm kind of excited. haha. I have another exclusive spot. I'll let you know but it's not for the public.lol There are so many cunts on this bus. gotta c that! West L.A. I love you, but why don't you respond to my texts, mi amor? can stanton/hill earn Stafford trophies too? RT : Stafford doesn't need a heisman. He has 14 stafford trophies at home. .... stop saying ok? fans running as hard as it can. Any dust-cleaning tips? I got him mixed up with no shaving/showering Why is it so hard to find good al pastor in LA, yet so easy to get sour frozen yogurt? So bored & tired what is there to do?!?! My first bike-in movie night: success! Evil Dead is hilarious You are very wise.... Obviously flailing my arms here in distress; so good to have you strong advisors out there. Thanks. haha..best part is when Jack Black punts the dog..was seriously millimeters from pissin my pants first time i saw anchorman Liz! But it's fun to be in DC at least. Not quite as neat as Lburg tho... If I may ask, when you were younger, did you ever think that you would be loved by this many people for believing in yourself? You should go see McKinley in person, it's incredible. Love my new makeup. shout right back at Floyd.. He's rocking the assignment desk ! Doing well B! I find you SO annoying ! Thanks for the MENTION, RD. Sure appreciate it. All best to you. NICK YOUNG! Where was this in DC? Memphis is giving this game away! Reggie Evans is playing phoneominal defense! The Terry-Bowl, hosted by Terry Bradshaw We are going to announce $1000 awarded for breaking event records in marathon and half! National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am! have fun in "the burl" Eat well!!! Thanks for the feedback and all the shares. Have been a Mahomie from the start.. And WILL be till the end! :) That's a promise that WON'T be broken<U+2665> Love u xo Yay! Running buddy! We need matching outfits! RT : Somehow just got talked into running the WR half marathon again this year. - shopping , & movies later (: Damn work tomorrow How disappointing... I thought you were better than that. I guess not. Slow down there, pal. Hey Kim cool sunset! hey did ya hear crystal is comming to Lima ohio aug 3rd day before her b-day trying to get vi's 2gether u in? yep..sticking to blogger...though may copy the posts to wordpress too...:) Hahaha! I only tweet it once in a while but counting minutes all the time while in prep & not! He got his money, he doesn't need to work hard now Tottenham fan praying for new single "Naughty Naughty" = OmG. TSOI-NY is catching BRIGHT EYES/WILD FLAG/SUPERCHUNK 2nite at RadioCity. Cool Bill at Great Venue. “: "Umm, has turned into the girl version of Scott stapp" - ” Tweet for the USA Bid for the 2018 or 2022 World Cup . gives FIFA their bid to host World Cup. #goUSAbid PLS RT So glad more stores are embracing more of the contemporary look. I LUV IT!!! An optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty Winston Churchill --SLA Thinking Strategically nice man! A great many people think they are thinking when they are acutally rearranging their prejudices.- William James They wanna go fishing&use me as the pole...am i that little? Lmfao :P As Cindi Lauper sang, "Girls just wanna have fun..." yes! What would be your route! Has there been a bigger game all year? Go #caps! I suspect some of them would rather be homeless. That sort of throws a monkey wrench into the solution business. is your middle name meeler? Take pity on us old gullible types. It's who always falls for that stuff... you love you some khleo I see lol From NY But Will Never Be A Knicks Fan. Bulls All Day. At what age is it appropriate to tell my friends they're imaginary ? is just working here until a good fast food job opens up We'll be out at Bavarian Soccer Park tonight for 1st round match. $4 admission, 7pm kickoff. No matter what happens with forte, #dabears are gonna be badass this year!!!! D aka E, thank you so much for mentioning me. I GREATLY appreciate it. Bless your kind heart. Vegetarian Barbeque Today @ The 1011, and of course Special Live performances. Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Welcome 5PM!!! See you! Study all day and night. My brother -----> be keepin me on my toes in this crazy ass life. What are you doing for Mardi Gras? just wait until you tweet from the iPad - it's life-changing!! happy new year kimberly! Eating some waffles and drinking some orange juice :) Yum And I'll miss seeing you, David! lol that's all i've done with the book! I've tried reading it but it just wasn't happening. This is why they fuck with me. I'm no gangster no killer, im jus your average joe. your going for the Pacers right?? Lol [{}]The VDay 2012 season is open & the HunterVDAY team is ready to get you in the mood...Performance dates 3/1-3/3[{}] happy birthday!! Battle Royale on the big screen! It must be national drive a Buick day I absolutely love waking up on the weekends and watching #EPL soccer. From my bed. Shouldn't the subtitles be in English? What am I missing? no surprises here for me ... idiots $GRPN Talk about a workout! Im hitting them two-a-days on Tuesdays, and today was no joke!!! I'm getting right though! I am beyond ready for the weekend right now. good on Gray for parking tax increase. DC cheap compared to NYC, Phila : For your weekend perusal: 10 random budget observations Boom! You got it. Full name? “Which Way?", 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Alaina Kraus, what about the medium over which we are communicating? :) Well damn! i wanna take a nap! ": If you want to know what in-breeding looks like, go to Disneyland." Hmm I would say go to Walmart. Almost! Just a stack of papers yet to grade... #survivor finale tonight! Happy Thanksgiving!!!! It was amazing! Classics, new, and Clarence tributes. Prob sounded the best I've ever heard. Loved horn section. Stellar show. We have a new server ready - vpn-mj2 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami. It's available in your customer area now. omg wow u make da best #IMAGINE lol send me some with mikey and vinny plz thx but keep doin madison lol i kicked it with my lady tonight #RedBox and Cuddling I've been doing that, but it is so time consuming :) I figured it was worth an ask! Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous I loved that line! Well dude we really should.. I hope you like our music. If not, i hope ya respect our lyrics about happiness & nature Just ate enough for a small army that means a lot coming from such a funny bitch like you! Sometimes #wish things were different between us... The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work. Self-destructing Blues. Should I even watch the rest of the game? Please Don't Have Kids For The Wrong Reasons... Not Everything Is Promise... Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Jessica Faletta for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team Yes, all is well. Will you be at MCN? If so, reconnect withTim and meet Erica from my team. You have to meet her--she's great. but of course! He's a little love bug :) that shit cray plus has to be conflicted about the situation lol Follow back huh? That's what's up...but where U going? How lucky! yeaa mugs just really get cut off don't get blown away out there So when should you ask for a raise in this economy. Some say don't bother...other have an approach. At 5pm in about 15 min. How has everyone been? Sorry I haven't been tweeting much. I miss you So Much justin rite now Have fun touring loveU!! Cloudy with a chance of bullshit. i hadn't seen someone takeover a tournament game like that since vs Kentucky Happy Mother's Day everyone! Enjoy your special day. That was a beautiful note Lee. Thanks for sharing! #TearingUpABit #SoProudOfOurBoys (Or should I say men?) lets laugh at things we never did. Instant Photo System | Fujifilm Global its not lame...sleep is important! It helps u stay looking young! ;-) No not put off at all. Loving the refreshingly civil discourse of it. Phone been dead forever.. Lol It's a lot of people with #lace on and shouldn't be.. Eeewwwww I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha Lmaooooo! RT : Who is this girl laying on my couch O_o friends are like walls... sometimes you lean on them, and sometimes it's just enough to know that they are there. Hey ! Check out Lexy.com to see your show getting some shine on Lexy. Keep up the great work! Thanks for the follow! Holy shit im early to work! Yea for sure. Really want to avoid any acrid character. I think Im gonna go pick up some coffee today. Oh, no worries. Yeah, I bet it is. RT : The inflection point of importance is when you're reading someone's words and hear their voice. Obese Drivers Less Likely to Buckle Up: Study - Philadelphia Inquirer I like the one without your hand in your hair! Heard about so many great ideas and projects that could have potential at my workplace. Now have to decide which to focus on! as in PARTNER IN CRIME FW quote: "Let's start a business so we can be together 24/7 -- like crazy people!" I've had such an awesome response to my "Adventures With Flat Robin." it even caught the attention of herself! #MyDayWasMade :-) It's never good when your home announcers are talking about the infield dirt (in detail) u beat me to it Joey lol I was right about to say but no rings haha Gomez at Short? Is this real life? Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it. ~Helen Keller We see you! “We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” – Kurt Vonnegut goodnight. boating in the morning <3 :) your music cheers me up so much, i love you i hope one day your recongise me and follow me! no...that beard is turrabule.....did you know they were taking it? RIP Whitney Houston. My condolences to her friends and family. In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly Yes mam I tired of being unsatisfied lmao My day was good in the begining but then it got worst near the end Wow, the #Cowboys are going to win despite their own opine and the refs. You would! Lol What is everyone thinking about the new iPad? I been eating cereal allday Imma turn into a Reese's puff Teachers have told us that they need better technology tools to individualize education, says okay <3 :) why you on lockdownn !? omg I just had an incident with a wasp...... I freaked out but thought of and her bee with at yesterdays shoot ; ) yo, love the shaved head FTW Thanks everyone for the chat today! I will save you some Cajun fries! #I'madeadman see ya march 9th oh thanks! Btw fossil has a giraffe necklace FINALLY SSBB is getting a price drop to $29.99 on June 10th Every year there are new students... I'm in a self contained classroom. OMG, yes. I could intern there forever. The real world sucks. ": #YouKnowYoureDrunk Broke & Ignorant if You Dancing around the club with a empty bottle !!!" lol you kissing at me in all your pix Hey #SmallFrySoldiers can I asker a favor? Tweet me yea if you will. You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality. it's hectic out there; we'll be happy to help resolve your screen printing emergency. We are looking for a public relations/social media-minded intern to begin in March! A knowledge of farming is a plus! Please RT. I mean do I really have to get fb timeline really? really really? Keith Urban has a sexy voice ! (34 yrs, 255 days) became 1 of 8 guards of that age or older to attempt at least 15 FT in a game since 1985 via Get to know your planet Giving up was never an option Can you guys give some love. His sister just died. So i got tested for a concussion at school haha i landed on my head a couple hours ago I have a iPhone, iPad, & Mac! I'll admit.. It's a bit unnecessary. But I love them!!! I CANT EVEN REACT TO THIS GAME WOW! Big congrats to ManC! You know you've got a bus full of chorus kids when every person has iPods n other MP3s cranked up haha :) >>> this is homework Forreal.... This shit hard... Racing through life is very stressful. If we stay in high gear too long- we lose our ability to shift down. Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below. Do you think Jeff will make the jump this year? Is he seriously considering the draft in June? go 2 bed I hate taking breathing treatments -____- but I have to get better There have been some good games tonight! Teach us how to dougie Now following my fam Errybody go follow 1 of da sweetest young ladies I know!! FOLLOW HER NOW!!!!! hahaha. Gas isn't covered unless it is a preexisting condition. Hahaha :) Just arrived @ Redcliffe, Australia, a suburb of Brisbane. Went for a jog/walk. Reminds me of OB/PB 35 yrs. ago, with some Hawaii in mix. Also they mentioned that #Austin was being recorded at the end. I totally walked in late, right across the front! Not cool. lol. I'm sure you've got people comin outta the wood work lookin for tickets! That spicy gryo i got today at was an amazingly good decision. cause you're genius!!! Congrats! Boston #99TaxDay crew headed to State Street Bank - notorious tax dodger got $885M tax *refund* on $731M profits. So much for #FairShare! Let me get off this damn twitter and finish cleaning and packing up my shit! #WeLoveGagaBecause She made us brave and we made her brave! good luck. I'm right there with you. Poor thing. It's happened to the best of us. lol Best book I read this week - Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit. A martial arts fantasy/adventure with a girl character who kicks butt too! Okay people ya don't just stop in the middle of a roundabout!!! Tweet tweet come in and get some fetherluxe extensions, and or a great cut, color by one of our fantastic stylists!!!! <3 ya all just getting back bruh, but believe me when I tell u, dat joint is Worth da Money, Avengers dat is! Now its The Money Team time and I didn't want to bother u.. I came here all the way from Wst Virginia Thanks i'll be back in May, sounds like a plan! Lunch today at Cacsai in Mtn View. Tapas, yum! Thanks, Boss! is giving away a pair of tix for their show in a few minutes! You leave me no options. Super short week is over! NYU graduation then Sin City. I know she's not sleeping, but I'll stay down here, have a smoke. It's not like she's crying or anything. >.> RT: "Pecorino" is the password to get a free Melt & soup combo today from 3 – 7 at the Spear St. Melt, 345 Spear St. suite, 125 which means the smart money is on Denver...and hopefully my FF team as well no I didn't girl.. But I was gone do something with Lo text me now Marie Curie~ One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done. Good morning guys! Today's goal is to get to 3,000 followers. Lets see if we can do this! "A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils." -Ever Garrison Memphis rap seems appropriate for a morning like this - slow, sticky, too warm, menacing. This really should be August music though. I hate seeing old people by themselves :o makess me sad . Fatniss Everdeen is an awesome name for a kitty! GET YOUR LIVING SACRIFICE TICKETS FROM US! Fat Daddy's on Feb 7th! Heading home finally Long day There's too much opportunity out there so never give up, ever. Nate and Jake think that they just saw a UFO (aliens) They recorded it and everything... It has been a nice break :D. Sounds interesting. I want to learn more about the human body esp. with my own health issues. Have a great weekend / ¡¡ Pásenlo chancho!! 's got something different tho. Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out? Either way, THANKS! ;) Thanks for the Out celebrating 2 years with , meatpacking-style. ": now following #SB" #smashbrothers in the building #bmg stand up I just apply in 20 places today i hope they call me ! Bronx pizza for dinner. So glad they finally started delivering. Next show is tomorrow (Thurs) night! Yeah me and my producer made a mixtape as a tandem I hope/know it will be well received. You know how I do workin workin workin Chef any suggestions who I should talk to atTampa cansino Off to sand lake The Guggenheim museum in Bilbao Spain is the greatest structure in the world. Thank you for following! shake it off and come back stronger than ever. we love ya! I am still getting my Twitter feet wet :-) This has been such fun. So much inspiration . . .happy to meet so many! Cant believe Heavy D is gone!!! still shocked all the great ones are leaving us wow I hope we work together soon again ! :) UPDATE 1-Advertising revenue boost for property website Rightmove Just finished watching the new Dr Who, Season One. I'm so behind, I feel left out. I have never actually seen a bully steal anyones lunch money. ;) Steve Harvey is the fairy godfather of women relationship advice. He just...pops up on televisions randomly every time a woman looks around. Gavin is an exception. c: I've never cried watching a movie until now. Hachi was such a touching story. The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it! Hopefully I'm out of here by 1 #compcafe - : a #compensation philosophy is not just an #HR exercise who is that? since you're a pro and all, i think 'husky' sounds less crass... The chick he wifed dont look better than me sorry everyone says it . Uh oh is following me.... Ok ok I'll stop being cranky! He's wearing a red t-shirt with a large picture of brass knuckles. "Tough love" it says. always!! Love U!!! u booooldd u stupid awww thanks so much!! it was so nice meeting you!! :) It's the dying gasps of a dwindling (but electorally active) minority. It's a setback, but we'll win out eventually. Great performance by MUSE at the Grammy's tonight. They have my mad respect. Alternately, email "info @ makrs.com"(no spaces) from the email you registered with and we'll activate your account straight away! A day without sunshine is like night. Want to stop fiscal corruption? . did that in november. incredible stuff. today will be uncomfortable. ask for a valium or something, maybe get some OTC sleep aid this game just needs to end I almost crashed three times looking at all this azz on twitter, loving it shoutout to follow her :)) Sunshine makes me happy, but in Poland at this time of year, is far from that! Hahaha, i love your family(: Hello KITTY & CHEETA PRINT WHAT REALITY STAR ALWAYS FIND HIS OR HER WAY WEARING THOSE TWO TOGETHER? headphones in!!!!" Fuck !!!! Bible some people should not own pets !!! Talking to a friend who manages a business. He said he asks for Facebook passwords before hiring. I've read about this. Getting more common? Shaking up my rut by having a #cupofinspiration with this morning. Even if it meant going to Bethesda... show him this: Hi jey! This weekend went by faster than a greyhound, which isn't very fast if we are talking bus, but I meant dog. eating lunch at New Big Wong in Chinatown. might as well have boobie or lester hudson out there lol kick him Life would be more interesting if everything had a "Like Button". What would you put a "Like Button" on? im hoping someone cancels b/c of the nice weather! Today in Literary History: On March 9, 1994 Charles Bukowski (author of POST OFFICE and HAM ON RYE) died in California. yeah dudes! no problem :) ^_____________^ I'm late but HEY HEY HEy! ! Yall better answer! lol Thank you! I may not be close or necessarily like someone but ill always be there for someone in need! Hahaha! I knew you'd enjoy it. Glad I could help Almost home to Fort Worth. Work at 8am for my awesome viola teacher :) If you could go ANYWHERE in the world - where would that be? Another state? Another country? Another time period? How do you choose your film roles? Is it just my love of the holiday season, or do others see 'Grinch' instead of 'Gingrinch' in the news too? Thanks for the RT :) Are you coming to Paella Night? oh ill have to try that out haha Because #LosBulls makes sense..... I told him he was Assclown Incognito I am surprised is not following the guy (aside from the Bears) "has an identical resume" to hers, if this book is anything like MS to Africa, it will definitely be on my Christmas or birthday gift list... ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this, Thanks Lee oh no weekend is almost over..what are your Sunday evening plans? yes girl!!! Absolutely What's my favorite word!? Building additional Room into Your Home - Real Estate Inspection ... No more Tumblr postin' to Twitter, starting to annoy me. You can tell a lot about a person from the shoes they wear. haha same! I still have that awkward sunburn line on the inside of my legs.. My arms and face hurt and my nose might peel!! Thanks for the follow Work cut out for us here Over? Beg to differ. How many times has Skip Bayess been wrong? Mike Wilbon? Colin Cowherd? List goes on badassssssss what're you doing out there? Any specific focus for the charity? Awaiting a proposal (and no, not the wedding type :)) - Happy Friday everyone! You should make your 2012 trip to our event! I know beach :) With the homie Edgar in class Ha! RT : Halitosis Is Very deadly.. We've launched 5 websites in the past 2 weeks, including MidwestProducts.com and EliteAestheticsSpa.com. Stay tuned for more. RT : will get his due in pre-draft talk. He's a legit 1st rounder. Sweet, yes we are very happy to have join us ! - can't decide if the new Kanye song is incredible or incredibly terrible. Thoughts? Idk. Lol we need to chill like old times I dnt c u no more :( Texas recovers fumble by Cal at the Bears' 19 and comes away with 0 pts as Justin Tucker, usually automatic, misses FG left from 38 yds. great to see you too! So happy to have you on Ann's side. Thank you to everyone who came out to see and I, in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, this weekend. :) It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it- John Wooden Students allowed back into library. No #gunman found. Police leaving the area I get it. I am slow. Loblol About to give up on chemistry homework and just do my nails!! Thx for tweeting my article! I guess we need 2 take it 2 the streets!!RT : Hey Jon, I'm waiting again tonight. We'll see, lol. That moment when u realize one day your past catches up to you Having my license is great. This was such a great day aha Our is replaying the entire Mass Effect trilogy and writing about his experience doing so. What series do you want to relive? Hahaha, yeah that stopped all production at this desk. good catch dude!! Haha! The problem is there are really people like that. Raised the hair on my neck in the first 10 seconds. The first universal characteristic of all great art is tenderness, as the second is truth. ~ John Ruskin <U+2611>If you can skateboard Ziplining is so much fun. That's awesome. Glad you had fun. Hehe my dog is retarded :) that's exciting! Too bad I live in Chicago, otherwise I would've gone Would it have killed them to wash it? I think I see a tiny 'wash me' written on the side of discovery :P Loved #NEWLYWEDS the best yet film by A $9K budget that puts the studio system to shame. On Amazon & iTunes, worth every cent. . by my handle, tomorrow is special day. Any advice as where to spend it? ;-) I'm working on it now. I've got a "hook up" if you will. haha haiku: Arby's get complaints, Boy finds finger in sandwich, Carlos missed that deal I know as soon as I lose you that's when I'll miss you the most. Thanks for the follow! Asia's anthem "Heat of the Moment" on XM 80s on 8 - reminds me of so many painfully awkward grade school dances... you have GOT to be kidding me... I hope you come to your senses one day :/ Never mind this might be legit. She's still weird though My dog cough is back .. Fml thanks stupid weed. !! Groan :) ": Gorge-ous (HA!) weather in Hood River." My name is Christian and I'm a sagittarius Any #nato nonsense afoot in the Loop? I'm trying to decide between a relaxing lunch in the sun and documenting the atrocities. You're supposed to go to GoDaddy.co. Not .com. Don't know if it makes a difference. What I'm supposed to do when someone #ShootOut on me? Oh this game is making me mad.... haha so you are going to hold that against me forever. But on that note I better set my alarm extra early for tomorrow. Great song on KBCO right now -- The Mountains Win Again by Blues Traveler. It's going to be a good weekend! Cheresa and David together again. Every weekend. well shoot what are you going to do now that your dreams of being with are over? I hate flipping gnats¡ Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario && MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!! <3 i'm glad you approve. and the roller skates? i loved those. Picked up my cap and gown! This feels so surreal! Hope everyone had a great Labor Day - now back to work! Chop chop! LOL ill let you know when corporate gets back to me. You know how long that sort of thing can take. And im on your side!! Don't have anything to do this week might as well finish up the paintings I started back in september. Its been a while. East Brunswick gas station is robbed by 3 people in masks I wish my 98-year-old mom was still alive so that I could evict her! (the #alive part, that's the important part, wouldn't evict) RT People who are stuck say: "I can't do this." People who are unafraid to try say: "How can I do this?" Who are you? Thanks to , to all the people who came out for a great night Saturday. Hope to play there again really soon. Saw you're headed to the Asia's for a bit? How long is training? I bet is jealous. Excited to meet Shirley Mclaine today!!! Lennon...The Beatles! I really need some sweaters (cc: ). I do suspect the person in that photo is not the one posting the comments. Someone who can take your breath away an make you feel like a princess is worth keeping around :) Pool party at the lake!!! Great way to spend my last weekend in Austin! Thumb flick by guide hand adds a second somewhat orthogonal force factor to the targeting solution for the brain. don't be sad beautiful FIGS you'll find me ... Fun random night. Lovee my frendss:-) The excitement is brewing here at Allerent! Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free! At goose island brewing a beer named sue! and i just finished The Notebook, so may as well keep the tears going ;) that needs a lot of direct instruction/trouble shooting, rather than worksheets. Will try to modify your idea though. Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see. i bet your friend just gained a lot of new followers:) I think you're on to something there. It's the "wouldn't it be cool..." phenomenon. Harbaugh not calling timeout to allow Cundiff proper time is embarrassing. Agreed? Duncan's hairline will never recede RT : Duncan and Parker went to the same barber at Supercuts Exude confidence. Your confidence stems from your beliefs. YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO LALALA Apparently O.A.R. and B.o.B. are performing together on Leno tonight. Wondering why AC/DC and N.W.A. never collaborated on a song. forced vacations are good for the soul. Hey now! You haven't tweeted me all day..! #WhatsUpWithThat..?:/ FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER! <3 please support homelessdogmusic.com when we launch All funds go for dogs on death row Sneaky Sunday sesh ;) x Anyone played around with Pearltrees yet to "cultivate your interests"? Looks like it might be a cool platform for social curation.. Omg, someone just asked me v v randomly if he could take a photo of me while playing.. big up 2 At the Mexican cultural institute ready to check in our #pasion guests! just heard your song "Met Him in a Motel Room" for the first time ... You made me cry! Love it!! Amen! Hi I'm I'm super AWESOME!! are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2? #teamblack is going all the way! Biology exam was easier than i thought! Now i wanna go home. "It's funny how people choose their life decisions." A lot of tweeps getting hacked I keep getting the nasty comment tweet True: I did my homework on the toilet and my father used it for toilet paper. Thank you!! thank you for following I look forward to learning more about ARA. Thanks- it went fine, and suddenly two guitarists want me to write pieces for them. I'm not skating but how's work Your ultimate goal in social media marketing is to become a social business. haha you would say something like that :P rocking the contacts todayy ;) Meet Jerry before I die <3 OCLC survey: largest decrease in FTE in public services staffing; down by 23% (and yet the usage/demand keeps rising!) HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 hope you have had a good day If you love arcade games and arcades from the 80's you should follow these guys. They're super nice and trying to document what is left. ... RT ": I'm in here hyped as shit an my mom tells me to quite down so she can watch glee... "BITCH PLEASE!"" Hahaha Ugh homework This a game,best team win You are so funny! I absolutely love the show! :) me to. Is this a realistic wish, or wishful? In any event: Copenhagen, Ocracoke NC, Barcelona, Mykonos, San Francisco watching jersey shore and waiting for my boyfriend to bring me chinese food yummy!! Some days you get the oyster, other days you get the shell, but each day you can make a pearl. ~Alexys Fairfield Ugh I hate the creepy-crawlies. Hahahahaaaaa From: A Bitter That Manning Didn't Choose Us But Glad Tebow Didn't Either 49er Fan :) hahahahaha what?! Okay okay he better see it. O.o Michael Blackson is one of my fav comedians because of his accent <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> Life is moving too fast for me right now. Wow! Sagan is impressive. Got out of class an hour early! Heck yeah! Erickson credited Macias with heads up baserunning. He was interfered with rounding second, would've been awarded third. (more) Don't Let The Hand Youu Hold , Hold Youu Back! The lightheadedness I feel from needing to eat dinner is propelling me to grade faster. New strategy? great to hear! :) Thanks for following us! RT : Free #AtosOrigin 100 days to go Olympic Pin: What #AtosOrigin employee was featured in the latest #CIOMagazine? Liberals aren't socialists. They're liberals. Listener Q: will new conservative U-T owners bury #occupysd coverage? Journos: probably not. From meeting. I love honest fans ...I mean why Lie right? Congrats to Robyn Bagwell she won the trip to Miami!!! RT So I really wanna go to that Mass Soul Train line in Time Square at 4pm. i've found it very hard to reason with anyone named Irene...go figure. Why is it that when a friend snaps a picture saying "look sexy", all I hear is "look like you have chronic wasting disease." ewwwww toilet phone.... Downtown #SanDiego has transformed into a vibrant, livable area where a downsizing & upscaling #trend is gaining momentum.... She could make spaghetti-o's sound inspirational. I'm abt to start a math test #nervous! Our goal is to provide excellent service throughout the Tampa Bay area that fits your needs and exceeds the expectations of our customers. Always take the safer route when you write about the book of Ruth. (That's a terrible pun if you know Hebrew) im pretty confident in taking state and having someone to celebrate with RT : "Encouragement is the most missed ingredient in almost everyone's life." Zig Ziglar You can be the missing ingredient! It's First Friday!! Help restore the arts on #Indy 's east side by supporting the #Rivoli www.rivolitheatre.org/support Damn Z-Bo you hooping or boxing lol. Wen the love there an the sex on point everything gone be alright Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast. about what? How bout Spongebob? Better character, Sandy the Squirrel or Gary the Snail? hey it happens, right? Dirty Dick's Crab House ;D Just sayin I love TeenyB now!! & Captain Kirk as best ever: particularly when he wore eyeliner. I'll be there, but I'll miss you all this weekend. <U+E403> I'm up for it , yo Lo hiciera :) It's happening slowly but definitely on the right pace Who said I already haven't? ;) Different director for the sequel to hunger games?!! Is he crazy?! Ill direct catching fire. Watching east is east thanks so much listen I'm sorry cant talk talk to u tomorrow There's a lesson for in how to concede graciously here... #class vs Delhomme looks to be chasing his personal turnover record, 3 picks thru 2 quarters Back to the office for the first time in 3 weeks... Thanks! U either! YES. Just what I needed. Thank you. I'm not sure I could ever date somebody with an outtie belly button. Does that make me a bad person? jeanantoines thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter! Just bought three pairs of uggz for men online RT : and restarted my cleanse today here goes nothing. Mixing the powder w/juice is def better RT : Bartz out as Yahoo CEO - covered Yahoo's Citizen Sports/Sportacular acquisition last yr but haven't heard much since To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now Trying out a new gym today. I think new gyms are exciting! I stay up late just to watch you. heresy! :D Makeup is my bestfriend follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.24 I am ONE !! lol I cannot count the times I let Him down, yet He is still at 0 in the category of failure. Chase Trails - Mountain Bike Trail Builders: Update from the Forest ... Thanks for the mention, Polly. come out tonight and be energized by the art! lady gaga is great she is the best totally cool Knowing Jesus... wakes the eyes of the heart. Moving towards abyss ? What do u call Zardari Klepto regime ? MacDefender Virus/Malware attacked most MACs earlier... Be warned.... Do not install! That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color. Short haiku by Issa, read by Rogers A lovely thing to see through the paper window hole The galaxy Getting started at work is becoming my daily Vietnam Thanks, Jane. Enjoyed your five part blog series on crisis and look forward to connecting with you too. Magnolia & Garfield Why is everyone in this school so ignorant? Gain some respect. ...double or nothing! um yeah it is he's fing hawt! And NIGGA PLEASE! ;) But what about actual phone conversations? WiFi great, mobile phone use bad and #Virgin is apptly going to do it! I swear, I just want to go up to you & give you a hug. You're the sweetest guy ever...<3 It's 2012 and people are still putting Dave Matthews on the jukebox. Going to be serving up a pre-thanksgiving feast of swing with a side of soul with and Mary Nau tonight ! Remind yourself that you are enough. Ground yourself in that. Yeah why? hoe sittin on his lap wit red shoes Well we had to baby sit today and I am making pizza rolls and corndogs now that is a 5 course meal lol :) Ok yes, awesome job and , the outfit: shoes & top underneath did NOT work not make her mature. Did not work Follow us back.. The boss said to get ahold of you :) Look forward to working with you guys hopefully. -Rachel :) Flit is at a crossroads, feels invisible. Her old flame offers her a chance to pursue her dream as a chef which she abandoned... After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum.. I won't do it to the next little one. May your life be like toilet paper... Long and useful #wordoftheday Add the right amount of hot sauce to a batch of crawfish etouffe to make it delightfully piquant. - Thanks Bob! I know he probably wont see this... but can u please follow me??? When you have to sneeze AND pee...bit the best feeling in the world... saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe. made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL Come on! Don't esh-stomp your little last season product shoes at me, honey. I gave my best, it wasn't enough So I know the suck this year, but you gotta wonder how long a leash Gardenhire has left. another runoff has been requested, now 9 total for state & congressional races, deadline to request a runoff is Thursday @ noon Good morning! By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game. What kind of cereal should we use for next batch of munchies?!! Fun fact of the day: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand. what about them? Picks for the National Championship matchup? Mine: Butler vs. Kentucky Kentucky takes it all. It’s easy to eat not-so-great at the office. Break the tradition w/ FITzee #vendingmachines! Get in touch to get one in your workplace! Doron Lamb is the 2nd player at UK to score his 1,000th career point in a national championship game (Pat Riley in 1966) Just watched Morel-Mares. Seemed like the only punch Morel could land during the fight was his jab. Never came close to hurting Mares. angrier, i do know how to spell... kind of Mixing, mixing, mixing. I'm never done mixing... so hot mamacita Sorry I'm missing you! I've never been before, but it has been WONDERFUL. Huge, huge fun. You have a great time, too! Comic Sans is a horrible font. (It's up there with Scriptina.) Why do people use it to send "professional" emails? *cringes* Shiit gonna be a long night <U+0001F389> We have some more exciting stuff coming for you all in April. Get ready to have some fun! More information coming soon! Now dally is dead. why am i still watching this? Flop hard Reggie. I just saw that you were in a Red state that turned blue in 2008. I am in NC which did that in 2008. So just wondering Adams/Morgan Farmers market in DC, Mike Tabor, Organic Farmer selling apples and cider and things that go bump in the night Thank you for the tasty love! Clearly not getting this paper done ha lol. it's cool bro. we gotta record that song with brandon soon uh huh, i caught u in action last nite...busted, bro n i snapped pics of ya ass last nite.. Dont make me expose ya ass lol YOU'RE WELCOME. Thanks man! RT “: Dope stuff over at <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44C>” Social Networking does work I had an issue with Dell Customer Service Phone agents wouldn't help and I was mad posted it on facebook It's going to be a good day. I just have to get to the point where I'm awake enough to BELIEVE that. yeah! and they say the weirdest shit. thanks for the RT! New song in the works? WHA??!?!? STay tuned! ouch. I've had that happen years ago. I twisted my ankle so badly! Chicago's sports teams need to watch "Glengarry Glen Ross" together for the "Always be closing" speech. says-- "before you reach for the cookie, grab a parm crisp!" RT : Mike Joy referred to "a dearth" of caution flags. Nice word. No one else in the booth understands it, but it's a nice word. Looking forward to tomorrow night! I'll be playing with Funk Ark at Rock&Roll Hotel! Also - Cheick Hamala and Bio Ritmo!! Seen tonight:"Nevando Voy" from Spain about 4 factory workers; and "Amor en Fin" in the days leading up to the 2006 MX prez election. Get a life boo cuz I got mines get ur on n stop lookn n2 mines #bitcheswhowontdateme all 10's and above FREE COFFEE AT THE EATERY! Show us a BLACK FRIDAY receipt before noon and get a free coffee!!! ur very welcome =] you mad?! Loll I guess I need to learn about something here. Is there a relatively simple way to correct this within Plesk? Support 1691653... done done done done done with spring quarter Happy New Year, dear friends! How were your holidays? What did you do? gel electrophoresis equals I have never seen a recruitment ad on Daily Kos...I am outside the demographic for those ads. [Campus Bulletin] Have a great Thanksgiving break, students! (right after your presentation, three papers, and two exams are done tomorrow) Goodnight plz follow <U+E056> love u so much and i hope ur having an amazing time in florida <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328> It's disrespectful to the people who believe in ur lazy. Truth is more of a stranger than fiction. These late night ads.. 350,000 people in wisconsin sit n smoke on it yes so me the pic & I wil size it 4 U ugh I don't know we are set up and grillin sausage and zack has burritos.15 north tejon. we will be setting up at city rocks N parking lot about today at 330 It's been a good day (: agreed :) hashtags should be defaulted :) but still... WOOOOHOOOOOOO kids nowadays make way too much noise The show reminds us of what's important: supporting those in need, keeping things in perspective, enjoying every moment. beyond adorable! Reviewing some quality Cherokee Challenge applications... Yesterday was a good day. It's only Monday, and I'm already looking forward to the weekend. A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity. ~Ralph Nader I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety. Who is it that does that pretty regularly? *snort* there's something wrong with u. I stg! Lmao! ;-) You have to question the intelligence of the American voter who swept the radical republicans into Congress. I know right? Lol “ Please stop lying its not cute, fareal serious RT Lies Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!”” Heading to a Bloomsday celebration in Philadelphia. And to think that I didn't even like 'Ulysses.' But I read it. I remember this guy! Great product but a bit confusing with his vision. I think you meant Chris Brown Back to Church Sunday- and a beautiful one in Upstate New York! to go on a Megabus trip this year so you're welcome and a happy Firday to you! Haha...very funny! Friday Fun Fact: 700 Million Peeps Will Be Eaten on Easter. Yes or No, do you like Peeps? Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts who will it be 2nite? : YOU tweeted it and it's official the #MVPonNBC for #NYRWSH game is #NYR Brad Richards Knows good beer. ;) Milwaukee does it right. In hopes that summer weather is actually on the way, I'm going to go ahead and switch out my winter shoes for summer shoes in my closet. yeah man, being southern has nothing to do with it. In fact, Atlanta (very southern) is largely gay friendly. i hate it when i have alot of followers and then the next day i went back down to a smaller numberf -_- goodluck justin make us proud!! <3 youll do great :) Bet u hit me back now. Lol of course i have Your not black so stop acting like it . #thatcampgames Photo of 600-day-old hamburger is kinda making me gag. It's safe to sell your home again Given everything they knew about the lackluster housing market, Meghann and Cort Battles didn't expect The sun is trying to come through the clouds.. lol good one I need to start packing snacks like lessons learned from the transformation of writing from page to screen - entirely new ontology Rap name: Coochie Boy~ : #Tswizzle played "Iris" WITH lead singer of goo goo dolls last night. I CANT WAIT TO SEE A VIDEO!!!! definitelyy but a lot of crying haha i think they turn permanently red from it for awhile hah I dont have any kids yet but this right here is for practice. You guys are awesome & thanks for the RTs about this week ! Keep 'em coming folks ;) This fucking screaming kid outside is about to get knocked the fuck out! Don't forget Afroman is coming to this Wednesday! He is certainly known to treat his Bloomington fans to a great show! I'll post tomorrow when I'm a bit more stylin' :) ha! yeah real life retirement. I did the math today... yup, no phones in church, haha just everybody Im cold & just want to go home aw shucks MA, now the whole twittisphere knows I'm a good son. indeed! Say when! Thoughts about morality/ethics and leadership are swirling in my head! How do people get away with being crummy leaders? MC Lars. Hip hop and Shakespeare. Rapping Edgar Allen Poe. Connecting rap = rhythm and poetry thanks for the mentions today. We appreciate the support of keeping Jazz and its history alive. Because you hate it [actually, love it] when I get sappy and corny. And you can't stand Judy Garland (who I adore). Feels like its going to be a good Group class tomorrow 9am!!!! Don't forget boot camp starts at 740!!!!! Before questioning my belief that Hawks must trade Kane, read the Deadspin,com Drunk Kane stuff. Today was terrible :( This was my quote in my senior year yearbook...so funny! My Sister (not into Social Media) Asked me to THANK all of you for the prayers during Fridays Devastating Tornadoes!! Sis, Bro n Law, ALL <U+2665> that's wonderful , I'm a flirty type of guy, what's the web address? Nothing like a Sunday morning phone call from a bunch of actors who don't know how to use the Stow 'N Go seats in the University Van. think varly will get a start at minn or wpg at home? Agree he hasn't been a disaster - just look at his performance in shootouts is the language necessary?!?!? Getting ready for our weekly mastermind meeting at our new office! We can all comfortably fit around the table finally. I've found some good options on Amazon for replacing flips. Sony makes a couple of good ones, and kodak too. Thanks to all our followers! You'll be the first to know about fantastic deals, including one we're announcing tomorrow! Tell your friends! I hate old people. Good luck to my future hubby George on best actor tonight!!!! just show up to the Christmas get together by yourself and tell everyone Merry Christmas and you are welcome lol. How does a song from South park turn into a TV show on the food network? Saw Johnny Carson doc on PBS. Unquestionably, he he had a big impact on pop culture. Support local arts, artists and crafters this holiday season. Tis the season to support creativity! Hanging out with the fellas. the black eyed peas just can't get enough is a guilty pleasure song of mine Guess no one's gonna wish me a happy birthday. You guys suck jk lol if ppl wanna fuck they should fuck!I just dont get the excessive meandering! #20ThingsAboutMe 4. I love making people laugh(: Cat woke me up at 6:30 for breakfast, now I don't think I can get back to sleep. *cries* Had incredible tour of US Senate and White House yesterday with my class. Not basic tourist version, the geeking out over furniture edition. Around April 13th will be my first appointment for my half sleeve tattoo cant wait! 1200$ so much money 0.o Follow us Rashida...we promise to be mildly funny, intellectually stimulating, & fascinating since you care about the world Sorry, not sure. Only saw a sign for it while passing on the road, so should be open soon if it's not yet. -The link for the commercial real estate e-book doesn't work. I started crying when I seen that! :'( x I think suits not nerds is why there were so many standbys allowed on my escape from Chicago flight yesterday. Your Annoying Me Go Play In The Free Way will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN follow me!?! Isn't it great to find you're really worth nothing? nice videos! it's sunny over in seattle - how's your day going ? (: Get ready for game time! Where will you be watching the game? you know exactly what I mean lol. You made the face are you thinking earthquake? I hate being an only child. I'm always home alone. ill b down the way next weekend...u in the city or carbondale I wanna party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party, and party. goodnight love! wow, good luck to her! Check out our new portable gadget! The TwistAid! www.twistaid.com Everything has been figured out, except how to live ...a new particle at the Large Hadron Collider. The chi b(3P), is a new way of combining a beauty quark and its antiquark. From 2011 article watching all of your keeks!(; ahaha all bad , but you still do it no bueno >_< I need my sleep lol I sleep a lot awe hug a teddy bear or something comfortable Going to bedd!!!!! That's never it. A boss could get it regardless. And Tom Thibodeau is COMPLETELY off the hook. I would come but I'm in Ohio! I love your clothes and designs! I watched you on Hills and the City! Lol. Ok. I guess. I briefly forgot there was already a word for anagrams. And before I remembered, I coined them a new word; switcheroonyms. follow back? (: Ya but you saw the 7-day right? Here I'll post it... #SKYHAWKNATION welcome to the family! His loyalty speaks volumes! Thank you to him. It's been tripping for the last week... They need to get Their stuff Straight!!! TreyArch SUCKS!!! Haha good question RT : If is RGI, and Robert Griffin is WHERE in the WORLD is RGII? lets all get along...We all want #OkcThunder to win a #Chip.#LetsGetIt! Gave Kev the post bar option of Father of the Bride 1 or 2 or Final destination. I'm forced to watch Today is the day AxeOff USA will debut @ the Hard Rock in New Orleans. The ONLY CURRENT GUITAR PLAYING CONTEST IN NEW ORLEANS. C U THERE!! Happy Monday! Hope you had a wonderful St. Patrick's weekend!!! Bring on the Historic trends: Dupont Legal Model > Convergence > Offshore service centers > AFAs > ACC Value Challenge nah he looks like a fuckin garden gnome and back at ya sounds like a nice server :) this is my favorite golf course... actually love it Been thuggin all my life cant say i dont deserve to take a break . Um, I think the idea is that we are supposed to invent it ourselves! ;-) I just ate something absolutely delicious and I have no idea what kind of animal it was. Add me on Facebook. It's on my profile. Want to email you an option in commercial re but of COURSE!! :) Enjoying a treat from always brightens my day. Great retreat with my Vistage group. Golf and learning all in one! Haha, I'd blame the Canucks, but I heard it most recently on Shark Tank. But yeah, don't even get me started on Canadian speak ;) Hi Evan, we saw your tweet and would like to invite you back for a complimentary meal. plz email w contct info Not to mention that everyone who is overweight or deranged has exactly the same Niceville to get a damn book <U+0001F612> I never saw you tweet.....oh well...plus I was on private chats anyway.... Black bandana, sweet Louisiana Thanks Jeff, I will check it out! I just flew into Chicago and boy are my arms tired! Har har har. professor has mixed reviews on rate my professor. i'm a little nervous, pressure's on. oh and I still can't believe he's my neighbor lol Enjoy your trip. My bro helps run that airport there. They have special guests in this week & they better treat u all well. The institution where I artistically grew cheer up don't worry about drama yolo! you're welcome! So is it a bad sign that I watched the saxeT spring game to "scout" for OU/TX in 7 mos? What makes you think you can get this girl& all of a sudden get naughty. u should have to touch her heart& mind 1st before u touch her body. If A female is alreadi mad..den u bash her...Do u think her Attitude is bout to change? Heaven is a hashpipe done with day 2 of standing desk….harder than day 1 Finally, something goes right! It's a sign! Setting' the tent up at the entrance to Frontiere Field today.. say hi on your way in!! Things are good. I escaped the monkey cage I've been recently and am now a recovering ambitious Admiral ;) Coming north soon! :: tying flies w/ a waning fever for Del. trip...sickness will not stop me, but flies look rather ill. Just pre-ordered the Uncle Tupelo vinyl reissues, 7" box set & a t-shirt. There *has* to be a better way to do online faculty governance than this. To think that ALA Council runs more efficiently. *sigh* Blueberry Muffins<3 I'm using it on my phone now! is more beds and a nicer building equal to better care or healthier people? Thanks for following us. Looking forward to check out one of your shows. Happy Fat Tuesday. Cheers, Lance Its a beautiful day. As if everyday we live isn't... I need somebody to text I do!! I'm definitely enjoying it! Coming home to visit on Monday... Lil bro is turning 21 next week. #GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the fucken station right when u enter the car lmao! Happy Easter everyone!!! at the library bein on twitter is weird lol im so used to my phone, i hate that my printer is broke lol Bugles and a banana... breakfast of champions. And pregnant people. Right on! Hit me up again How is chicken little a nfl analyst? AND NY now has dolma... RIVER LIVING 43 CHURCH STREET ALEXANDRIA BAY NY 13607 Thought I had forgotten my phone at home and had a full-on panic moment. Related: I hate talking on the phone. so who won the late game? I didn't watch. Lmao this has been the best Vegas trip by far Tony noms CBS! Now! Hipster douchebag asked me for change. Denied. Get a job and a haircut, and lose the ironic hat and the f'n skateboard. 1/22 Special:Grilled Veal Chop on a Prosciutto,Asparagus & Fingerling Potato Hash w/Truffle Tossed Pea Shoots & Roasted Garlic Reduction Spent yesterday at Harpers Ferry, birthplace of the American system of manufacturing: interchangeable parts. lol, nope, creating a profile for my S.O...&then I get to the actual application&first thing it asks for is SSN...duh? J.D. Power and Associates Reports: Home Improvement Retailers Continue to Differentiate Themselves Through Their Staff ... long time no talk tho “ #Pretty Boy Life I love my followers !!!!” RT : We’re excited to help more farmers’ markets welcome SNAP customers–this is good for low-income families & helps boost... i dont lick balls. sorry Hot, hot conditions predicted for Monday's Boston Marathon. It's like 1908 all over again.... Exciting talk with a documentary producer about small businesses in America. We want to call it "This land is made 4MeNU" obvi. Well you know it's hard to recall things that were boring. Kinda the point of being bored by them... RT : Re Q4 - Aleks, Knewton, LearnSmart and even GRE & SAT are all examples of adaptive products that are out there Republicans like hate gay people so much they have given up doing any of the people's business if it means gays get any rights. Time 2 pick up all of our broken pieces & let God make us Stronger, & Wiser with them. We'll never be the same. #BeBlessed:) im following can you please give me a shoutout ? <3 imagine what? hahahh i'm lost :p Happy Good Friday and Happy Easter to all of our fans! CHILLIN BY THE FIRE WHILE WE EATIN FONDUE. im confused is the chat today or tomorrow? Yesterday you said it was today and now its tomorrow? ~ Thanks for the follow! Need to get my head away from a computer and into a sketchbook. Looking hard enough!! Watching the jonas brothers movie... Oh how much I miss themm :) At bank and mo money mo problems plays on the radio. I love country music, but I could also spend all day listing too stuff like drake, OFWGKTA, and stuff that's on the radio Mother's Day Is Near Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture zooming their way to sunny PDX for a big show in the lounge starting at 9pm. Sodahead please stop texting me. can't get a hold of Long Street owners, on to Clintonville/OSU area with all those damn hipsters and frats. Gm peep well ill start planing! I'm probably the only person in this study lounge putting together America East women's lacrosse power rankings. Some people need a smack in their face lol I get your point, but by positioning it as "only" HBO's fault and by saying there's no other way to see the show, it lies. It's some funny #FamuFb lmao!!! You may have noticed we've been quiet - big changes are in the works. New space, website and staffers... Oh my! “: Wow. What a brilliant night for Impact Wrestling's X Division. I'm so proud.” can we more matches like those soon? Rain knocked out my so no hockey or POTUS speech for me. :( It's a pretty little thunderstorm though! 95 degrees and 4% humidity: Springtime in Phoenix. come to germany pleease i cant stand that u just over there in america!! :( :D <3 searching for book of job quotations in GB corpus of 19th-century british english...large queries are great for suspense! What happened with the senior prank?! #Someone tell me. A to-do list like a hydra G'morning! work is aright. Trying to find a second job right now. Hey, Walker, that'd be great! I'd really like to see you. Give me an email when it's closer to the time you'll be here. You're just spot on with everything tonight. mobile has evolved - it's now it's own market. Today marks the 42nd anniversary of Earth Day! What's everyone doing to appreciate ABQ's amazing natural beauty? Do you have a franchise story to share? LMNL allows arbitrary structured annotations over ranges of text. Marked up in the same kinds of structures as the text. thanks buddy, getting old! You just gave me college flashbacks I am really liking the sound of Buckeye, Arizona right now. Sounds promising! what, you don't get enough attention from your mom while you're living in her basement? lol bye. I Waz a thug this Halloween and stole some candy aint shit ironic punks! hppy Halloween Doing okay. Gotta headache. @ HOME...it was a busy busy MONDAY, but got thru it, and ONLY 4 MORE DAYS til the weekend! I need to clean hi! How's yer cat? Hope all my #BBNFam will have a great weekend and do something fun! nice! NEWS: that Dan Marino will start at QB week 1 of the 1994 season opener.So long Scott Mitchell Forgot my glasses... don't let her bother you, me & got your back! :) Analytics company. Claiming your lead is lying about where they live, and then being wrong. lol, talk about shooting urself in the foot Thanks for the update Carlee. Just waking up enjoying the morning. We all love Carlee. At least I do. For 3 reasons. HaHA I want some of that food I make last nite Miami needs to step up just wanted to say happy birthday before it's over I hope u had a great one and I heard u were turnin 32 please you look like 25 that looks SO wrong :/ Jonez best bet of the day: Montana +$350 vs Wisconsin. Half price tickets to see Jon Faddis!Offer valid Wed, April 25th & Thur, April 26th, the 10PM shows only.Get tickets online, use code “BATW” I feel like 65% of white girls have finger toes. you are a goddess. Today's spot start is Charlie Morton vs Houston #fantasybaseball majorleaguesportstalk.com qpr fans should tar & feather him you was like who the fuck are? I though was mad. I can be wherever there's an audience. Its my birthday Intro to the Internet-Hatley Branch Library-Monday, February 6th 1:30-3:30p-learn the basics class taught by Mike Theiss UW extension Love UbD--we're looking at the new #CCSS UbD framework materials as we transition. To fix the confusion I changed my Twitter account. If you're following me through Twilight or FF I opened a new account as ZephyerSky no bit seriously though. Send some beats 'cause I haven't heard enough of yours to determine wether you suck or not We are our own problems and our own solution... Remember, not everything is a picture. A good eye can edit before the shutter opens. - Craig Coverdale "CoLab The Third: Sounds Royal" Check out our new "Poker Ace" shirt! www.drawndead.net And she can really sing...really. God morning everyone :-) ooh, really? I'll check that out. Thanks! Love convenience of Kinkos/Fedex shops everywhere, if not the cost of getting a doc back to the East Coast in a hurry. Sigh. So stoked to be part of 's team at the U. The scraggly goatee per capita at the Royals-Twins game is out of the world. Odd Mauer can't grow one. Oh how I love models casting day at the Departures office... "In God we trust; all others must bring data." ~ W. Edwards Deming "No Filter" & "Details in Notes Field" errors. Ovid & EndNote not talking to each other except on MacBookPro. Weird. It's the end of a very long, but extremely fun day in Pittsburgh. Thanks for tagging along. I'll report back again tomorrow! Wow--thanks! We will likely be back next Thursday night. I don't know how I'd wake up in the a.m. without my Coffee & Episode of #TheBigBangTheory. Thanks for starting my days right!! I've been getting alot of followers lately Removing mold carefully and correctly is crucial to be sure the spread of the spores does not expose anyone or anything! Reading, #writing, loving. Tomorrow night - Tina Moore, feat the Just Us Trio, at 9:30! Don't miss this amazing all ages, no cover show. Kibitzer synonyms: Meddler, busybody, buttinsky, snoop. Come kibitz with TACT starting tomorrow night at 7pm! Thanks Evan! I really hate not having grandparents... Will there be a season two? I really love the show. Kudos to ALL involved. And you act your pants off, lady! *applause* Make today a Ruth's day! Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services Famous Idahoans - check out this page: tired, you? 14 of 18 for my picks Getting ready for a staff wellness seminar! Does your business have a corporate wellness program? I swear I wish it was a cure for Cancer.. Soy un sacadito q no le gusta la luzzzz !!! Almost done with my work... Takin forever. Today is not the "first day of the rest of my life"...it is the LAST OF MY PAST! Finish setting up for PGBC Holiday Party tomorrow! Two more xmas parties to go...i love my job, i am having so much fun! has to get used to travelling with a newborn and think about a bigger car...so much gear to carry around!! make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste! haha. yeah! by the way, your mixtape for the delights for pysch minds is the JOINT! Need a recommendation for a photographer in the Twin Cities area in April I love reading books with intense and thickening plots that make them impossible to put down. Reading one now. :) Am I a computer nerd since I already knew some of those? And about them js that's comin out smh raw Thank you Evan Zeppos of #ZepposandAssociates for coming to meeting today. I had no idea until today that the Beastie Boys were a hip-hop group. Total surprise. Never say never right ? I will never give up on you, your My inspiration follow me <3 Graduating students are picking up their caps and gowns today! Do you remember getting yours? 1348 Washington ave. Miami Beach, FL 33139 call me at 1-888-6-FIX-IPHONE if any questions actually no, then ill get nervous haha Very touching tribute to Carl Beane before the game. Glad I tuned in early. that's funny I was just about to do the same I HOPE IPWV_EXTENDED VERSION Beats Phineas and Ferb's movie in views! indeed, the only thing I find interesting about it is it's one of the only plays without a clear textual source Every time I turn on the TV, I remember why I don't watch TV. Why are y'all getting me fired up at fucking midnight. Dammit! Ps. Don't wake I LOVE that my love of music is shared by and with my son Rockin' #johnmayerlive at his suggestion. Awesome! King has the HS ranking in the bag.. I sure hope comes around! sorry to see Landscape Futures come down this week. How's your new map project? Watch The ToeTappy Video Everyday And Vote (: Can I Get A Follow Please :D Yes girl! Of course Clark's not if YOUR the one being tickled... But at least there's no homework Thank you for ShareKit, so much time saved. thanks 4 that follow back i will enjoy following u ;) Whats new u like 2 hear from Joker??? Traded 7 beers last night for 7 miles on the #running trail today. Worth it? We shall see. No FICTION winner for the Pulitzer? WHAT? Some people annoy me. um barely! I couldn't fall asleep till like 6! And I've been tossing and turning since 10! Whens your next exam? RT “: If they matter to you, let them know.” fine good and I tell? i miss dream team Let me know if u have any q's. You should follow for all sorts of cool info. LMFAO I know who my Agent is talking about and ah man, she's so right. Not going to be able to sleep tonight #ohwell #someonecomeover <U+0001F60A> yeah, its quite alarming i like ur new picture better ;) haha omg christina got her permit. jersey shore time <3 #whenIwas13 i got my first piece of coochie lol yeah I see it ALL the time... smh Why is Beth so scared right now? what is it called when you drink a gallon of milk and cant feel your legs? Your odds of getting in to Best of Ludobites? About 1%. Odds have doubled now that Ludo and Krissy have added a second night. RT : Possibly going to see two baseball games within two weeks of each other oh nice - where'd you go? another GSU victory in the Bayou Classic. I'll be there. Good morning! What's up bum?I see y'all finally got that Newman trash outta there. More than just a little excited that for first time in years Halsted is FINALLY open at the bridge! Don't you hate when youre on a mission and then mid-mission you forgot what it was you were so determined to do! when? Where? Stay tuned for party updates and information! DAMN CAT!! On vacation! Happy holidays everyone. Ah, Sunday morning! I'm in Somerville- porterish! It's the place to be! David Levy, do surgeons spend too few hours in surgery? Do litigators spend too little time in court? Professors in class? "You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away - a man is not a piece of fruit." - Willy Loman, as played by Philip Seymour Hoffman #crushonyou ..... You're hot! Don’t forget the sunblock if you decided to head outside for some studying in the sun. Can't wait to see my crew Friday night!! rest up kids! GETTING READY TO FALL THRU DAY PARTY AT LOFT WITH And here's how your NW metro area senators voted on the stadium: YES: Bonoff, Latz, Rest NO: Eaton, Kruse, Limmer ABSTAIN: Olson once will be renewd in next week.or so.. Ringer will depend on cw development. Just found out that I won tickets to the Kraftwerk exhibit at It's not a concert, but I'll take it! not ok. Surrounded by a gang of uneducated girls is the worst. Should be illegal. No common sense at all. Really? Waste of talent. Lol. Tweetdeck and are NOT on the same level What are you doing to chase away those no-football-blues? Ack! Hope you brought ponchos. Fucking two bad bitches at the same Damn time It feels great to be able to be actively engaged in both my passions as an educator and musician. I give thanks. Come cheer us on tomarrow night at the Homestead Race track for Test and Tune our Beds for thew Coconut Grove Bedraces 2010 Shheesshh. Don't have a hernia! Melissa Haberman, UW Colleges Financial Aid Compliance and Training Coordinator. My stomach hates me!! “: #Follow Back #Done #welcome” Thnx Made it through my entire workday without looking at my Twitter. Spent my entire workday on Twitter. The down and dirty on the 'new iPad' Here's the nitty gritty on "the new iPad" announced by Apple in San Francisco today. I bit my tongue :( don't worry--if I ever have money I will VC the crap out of stuff. want to start P90X, but live in an apt where installing a pull-up bar isn't possible. Is this a worthwhile solution? RT : lol The look on your face when that WAISTRESS FELL ON YOU #priceless<<~~~~lol girl WOW what an honor! How did u get a chance to have tea with Mother Teresa? Amazing & very blessed. It's a really bad thing to have Montero hitting after Jones... The deadline for the Los Angeles Fall Program is Monday, May 2nd! Apply now! feel u on that..I'm in cali..killin the actin game ma..so I kno just what u talkin bout..hit me on facebook 2..Kiyano La'vin 59 years & still going strong - so glad we could share so much happiness with you! #nw sponge bob . My fav cartoon :) There's no chance HEAT gonna win NBA TITLE Didn't see any evidence that it hurt. Speculation, but no evidence. Happy Halloween from all of us here at Long Beach Hydrobikes! Everyone's on twitter. The 1st and last time I ever took exctasy, I felt like I was in a Tootsie-Roll commercial. sing 'The whole world looks kind of Good to me' Haha! It's perfect for a Friday, controversy! sleep is overrated on game days. At least that's what Rebecca and I have decided. yeah man, the swearing gets old, like listening to teenagers ;) Two hours left to get out to (SoMa) and demo some delicious Chameleon Cold Brew! Please tweet us some pics! I got it from you! :-/ RT It is a hoax. I've been hacked. So sorry. The year of the 'in-between screen' alors? We have booked a very exciting interview for this weekend! Stay tuned for more details! Me too! RT Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight! REALLY looking forward to pizza :) I love how quiet it is here at night. Walk off HR Chipper Jones!!! “Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be." ~Marsha Petrie Sue That's one of my favorite places to go when I visit New York. it reminded me why i hate those kinds of movies. epic bullshit. Earlier today, I overheard 2 people talking about the Tupac hologram. The 2nd person asked "Who's Tupac?" Increasingly concerned about the disparaging terms we use as a field to talk about teens and texting in museums... Gwynn Jr. was solid pinch-hitter, at least. Agree, not much power. Hype was byproduct of team desperately needing good news. Thanks for having us on! Agree!! RT Football has the best season. Hockey has the best playoffs. Baseball has the best opening day You following the Lottery w/jackpot OVER 500M? No tickts in AL but if you have an Illinois addy u can use u can buy a ticket ONLINE now!WOW! THAT IS FREAKING ADORABLE! That looks like a little baby post card! SO cuute!! (: Sat on a really nice Plan II Thesis w/Hoberman. It was on the farce of amateur collegiate athletics. RT : will be at #1tday Union Sq 4pm! Can you say JUBILEE?! Bring your loan statement to destroy! Gordon wanted to give them each something from the café before he died. Hermia was the "salt" of the earth... Today, I discovered my rhomboid muscles. "Give me a museum and I'll fill it." - Pablo Picasso RT Bright hopes for exercise and character development have turned (somehow) into vacuuming, mopping, and dusting. HUB designers representing this Friday! Excited to be inspired by RT : Things are looking up for us, as they begin to lOOk bad all over the world...HAVE FAITH IN GOD!! - Thank you for this!!! If you guys love , follow and jessedaley_il!! <3 What a lovely Thanksgiving! So happy I walked away...the best thing I ever did. What a mess! Oh that's what happens in your stomach when you drink Coke! Are you not coming to dinner with us now? <U+0001F625> I would just like to say I do not enjoy your comment on Ashley's FB post about her red hair. I think I'd rather drop a lime in my bourbon, actually. RT : Jeremy Lin should pull a Willis Reed, enter game, carry Knicks to victory, cause Internet to explode. It waz too hot last night.. Couldn't sleep at All Great! Let me know when you'll be in NYC! Thanks for liking my page Karma, Mariana, Latrece, and Michael! :-) Yep, green clouds mean hail. Went by fast though. Cant wait!RT : My Mixtape #DEWEYBOYZ Coming Soon!!!! Hosted By Need a nap before tackling that drive back Ever seen a Chihuahua run from a grasshopper? I bet you'd laugh too...:) ROFL last one - ryan adams - dirty rain You might try Audit a free acting class -either Monday Mar 26th or Tues. Mar 27th. Call Eric Davis 310-849-8158, email Damn I miss the 90's so glad! Just answered the funniest Research Snippet question: "Does the sound of other people chewing fill you with rage?" If U wanna talk to me just do it We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up. Low-power devices need lower-power displays, no? Fuck the patriots !! :D A Bollywood music video cover of "Zoot Suit Riot" would probably be pretty entertaining. Jacket was a big part of that story, providing the basis for the acceleration in MATLAB. How about a quick update to your story? Their show at Revolution that and I caught was amazing. Most dope vibes. Felt like they were just jamming and having beers. Duke Syracuse in the first round you mean Matty punching Tim in the face? I don't approve! looked at the names ahead of us..we're in more elite company than i thought..now i'm feeling honored more than anything..F/S yea... But not for too much longer would love to see harrington's fitness. has he played a lot of reserve minutes Have fun! Thanks for saying that perfectly RT :Talking to one person who hates Girls is enough to make you love the show unconditionally You want to time? I'm terrible at keeping time. XD And... Uh, maybe a 15 to warm up? Cool idea for an exhibit! New clubs added to Scottsdale & PHX inventory today.R11,RAZRhawk and diablo octane drivers. RAZRX tour irons. nothing we just chilled post your listings with us for more exposure happy birthday! 22 Black Veil Brides rock my socks off and blow my mind!!!! made some new friends. Someone's gonna win a new 3ds! Lol we can switch I can deal with 40 degrees you can this 80 degrees everyday a nigga tired of sweating #1dayuntilCOLS then Sebastian will burn down the world!<U+0001F631><U+2764> you never askedd . Can't figure out what station the Spurs game is on tonight?? Anyone know if CW35 is available in Austin? not a gameday question, but is campbells doing click for cans this year? It's beautiful that we have a plethora of talented people in da Mil. Dont be intimidated by it. Embrace it. We can do so much more 2getha ah i really will get you one if you cant come! By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use wish you were here. Love the support! Sluts unite! RT Sitting with some sluts who will be walking on the 4th June! the chip’s outta the bag! new sweet potato popchips are sweet, crispy and you can find them at your #losangeles #orangecounty #costco today Just did a shot of cuervo....yuk!!!!! #however you spell it LOL hey sweety i miss you! Marcus with due respect, If you really want to help Black families, fight homophobic hatred. RT There are still some people trapped in the parliament! There could also further blasts to come. miss my baby </3 I'm honored to have the endorsement of the San Diego Firefighters and I will proudly be their champion in Sacramento. Among the many highlights from tonight: we got to sing Silent Night to a baby girl who was only a few hours old. The article listed below has some interesting insights about the national real estate market. my legs are so soft. holy shit. give me a call about NYE today Hahah I love how body parts all have a twitter!(: R.E.D. Album? No? I thought you people liked that... You have to be FIRM, but FAIR. Keep your dancers in check, otherwise they will walk all over you. Count de Grisley 1799 --- 1st magician to perform the trick of sawing a woman in half The #preppers are crazy. All prepping for different pandemics. ohh what kinda dream ;-) miss u too boo boo Enter His gates w Thnksgivin Enter His courts w praise n if u're lookin 4 the Lord He's n the Holy place! Life is good!! RT : chillin in a cabana poolside at skybar Las Vegas.. this is the life!!! hey works for me! Planning objective definition of #hacker theme soon. Have audio material recommendations? I want you to miss me like I'm missing you. Mistletoe? Oh no! POLL QUESTION: what should Kliff's mistletoe actually be made of? Thanks for the follow Ryan Gargiulo (PauseTheMoment)! :) Good, hockey is over! Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days. Wow, how interesting! An investment in Rosetta Stone may be in order. Toby and I had a little tussle earlier. Ahaha. A teeny one. Hey RT that Chick-fil-A at Circle Centre promises the quickest lines in the Mall! 700 guests in just 2 hours today! I am so glad that my head feels like its about to BLOW UP!!!!! Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love. I've heard that's a hazard! Supposedly cinnamon gets stronger in anything you freeze too. The DJClarinet Combo Live at Wanderers Tea House TONIGHT!!!!!!!! That is fantastic work. It motivated my interest in systems science. If you dont mind what do you think of transhumanism? lmao well thank you :) & i normally dont get this way but since im talking to a cute girl ;) ha, but, sorry if im not reall SHdc top 100 list is getting better, look for pics and bios next month! Some creepy guy who looked like Bill Gates w/muscles just asked me if I party in the meat packing district. I'm not prone to crying to music, but if I was, Bon Iver's cover of 'I Can't Make You Love Me' would absolutely bring me to tears. OMG love My Life by Game feat. Lil Wayne Sean, I think you need to take more pics of that bike...;) Looks great man!!! Everybody come see us! Friday, August 19th at Fusion in St. Augustine! Loving that new TV Show Human Target. It reminds me of a mix of Mission Impossible, A Team and McGyver. Just because you from Chicago doesnt mean you have to be a #bulls fan, #heat all day Leaving Mt. Sterling now. Starting a bit late. Have to make time. long island starbucks, dont show calories. so much easier to order a donut! it might've been possible but I have no recollection of it. I only know a couple words. My mom never taught me growing up. you got the set up or space to record a jazz trio? Why do your boobs not tan properly. Damn it. u stopped talkin to me....that's what I call it Truth! RT "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." Jack Canfield actually, just recalled our last video chat. So that'll be a big fat NEVER MIND to my last taunt. missing you babe. #erl12 Elsevier replied with data in a timely fashion. Wiley-Blackwell not so much What's on for you next, M? River Plate? #dctf member Fr Boyle: How do funders fund success that is hard to measure? Going to be living in a fancy city soon... As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on. E. Honda said to tell you whats up... Ha!! Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up but im cool u have a nice night and dont be shy hit me up sometime Stupid dreams... woodrow Wilson, Reagan, hmm I will say I never had a doubt. That damn wind is a menace whipping around the hospital. Lookin like Cousin It when you get home "Instead of creating products that look like everyone else's, I try to think of what meets a need in the market. --Mustad's Jeff Pierce Ready for the New Year! its funny how some guys throw caution to the wind when dealing with females online, is that the best game you have.... e.e. cummings? Jennifer Kinon is fabulously talented and wonderfully responsive. Thank you for beautiful and strategic work for Man fuck today ! Relaxing and catching up on some music. Hoping this migraine will go away soon :/ grades are up! Not sure how I didn't get your awesome drawing as long as im with you babe we can watch Ellen for all I care... Yes, Pinterest boards are overwhelming sometimes. I'm using it more to share what I find than to find things to share Hannah may or may not he wearing the jeggings I bought her. She has like 6 pairs of that color thanks, was a little slow to dive in! just saw a great fireworks show by the University of Pittsburgh. she was so down to earth and accomodating - fun story to do, listen children and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere! that's sound completely drastic and irrational...come on Jazz... Our Birthday wishes go out to one of our favorite Team Members....Juan Villavicencio! Happy Birthday Juan!!! Sorry, I need a night off on a regular basis. We'll be back tomorrow night. Well my night was kinda ruined... I love that movie Just changed my fun voicemail wherein I sing to my callers to a boring professional one. Alas. I'll text you!! RT : yeah of course c: A girl who can rock a pony tail wins my vote. We clearly follow different people... The Seattle Sounders host FC Dallas tonight at 10pm ET in the Semifinals of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup. Watch LIVE on SoundersFC.com. #icantgoadaywithout Rolling my eyes at some of the stuff people say on Facebook : / I completely forgot that horrible part of my life till just that second CINDY OLD GURRRRL lmao Now it is. Funny how a woman will act like swallowing is so disgusting yet she eats processed fast food. Sperm is natural & 100x healthier for you! Grateful that 85 +/- % of my stuff is packed. Dreading tomorrow a bit, but I have the day off to finish my midterm and move and I need it. That's what we like hear! RT Can't wait for my 21st birthday. will be my first stop! Go !!! Had a blind Easter tasting with family featuring 3 Paloma wines: 06 Merlot, 09 Merlot, 09 Cab. I picked 06 Merlot as my favorite. Nevada now #2 in home foreclosures after a continuous 62-week run. Arizona is now #1. Maybe economy finally turning around here!? Shane: thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese' Thanks -- you're sweet! When tryin 2 sleep nothin beats drinking some liq and watching a slow ass movie The tongues of the creatures wait, drawn to the fragile legs you walk on you are already sweet as honey! Hugs Soo glad i don't have to wake up tomorrow morning!! #Nuggets fans, Kobe may be a lot of things, but sucks isn't one of them. Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice 97.3 Entourage tonight, September 14th ! The crew will be handing out prizes from 6 – 8PM! Made first decision today on wedding to do list.... Colors =check Love his music & puck handling skills RT : Team USA ties the score at 2-2 on the PP. Jack Johnson with the goal. only one person said it -_- what are u talking about? completely incomplete everything is well ;) Thank you! I know that's right RT You and your daughter are such a blessing! When is the CD coming out? The terrified horses broke loose from their haltersand ran about the inclosure, mad with fear you know, the brewers could be leading 25-1 and i would still not be surprised to watch them blow it. oh padres, another leadoff hit. cool. Epic is gonna rock today! See ya at the Warren - 9:40am! Hey <U+0418> - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Crush it! Thanks for the RT & ! You rock. lmao made the biggest deal over nothing. Once again #Apple skipped over OS X ThunderCat. They'd be the perfect spokescats to promote Apple's move toward #Thunderbolt devices. I see a new mayhem commercial in the making. Thanks! Very nice facebook page! Its way to pricey to be our favorite restaurant! Regardless, it was awesome. Even if the wife did REFUSE to #eat #kangaroo! On another note, hope everybody having a good day Lightning storm. do you hate me? :'( Are we still GAB's? D': Fair enough..and I'm hoping that means there will be a followup. I hope u get that tat covered. I'd love to sit with Mike Goldberg & Joe Rogan one night. How cool would that be!? Liam never said or would ever say that, Liam is the sweetest person ever. Oh! New Bubble Babble!Maybe its Maybelline? I'll say this... gets Cleveland Fans. Well done, young man! Congrats! I bet Willie would make a great friend too. one that you can just call for smile Well Said - Startups: Keep your friends close, your competitors closer and customers the closest. Thanks for the #ff! Just finished seeing the film "The Divide" about a group of NY survivors dealing with the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust by North Korea. Weigh in: what's your reaction to President Obama's announcement that he supports same-sex marriage? Tweet Busy week. Working in the office, listening to some White Stripes and still feeling sad that they are kaput. Chick was a Rocket Scientist.. www that was way too mean! WORN. OUT. let's see, i think it would be best to do a girls night since I'm not attached to a boy right now. Less awkward for guys. Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen. Glad you survived! You should share more with me soon ;) Can I make a wish on my 1111th tweet? Good morning. Going to work early. Forced to cover a sick call. Can you feel my excitement? Oh bummer :-/ Stay safe! happy half birthday!! "We had a great experience at Wilde Toyota in West Allis. We were treated well, all of our questions were answered, and we found the... thanks new follower! Tonights game proves that George Karl is a much better coach than Mike Brown. Wonder if LA misses Phil Jackson? sitting at doing some studying before heading back to knoxville. Nothing like a good cup of coffee! Stay Committed & Consistent and you will achieve your goals. they were phenomenal!! Plzzzzzz follow she needs followers she loves kim kardashian so much support kim:)) he's not following me #ArentYouTiredOf disrespecting females? RT : Our agency FruitZoom is getting a new name plus brand & site refresh! Stay tuned! So excited!! Just got in a fight guess who won lol!! 3:00. you gonna be around man? THE BEST WERE THE GIANTS WHO BEAT THE 49ERS! ALSO, THE PACKERS HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE NFL! i really wanna fuck Mikey & Nick they're just fuckable boyz <U+FFFD>Don<U+FFFD>t worry; skills are cheap, passion is priceless When you get your fill of Pudding Wrestling, we serve real food until 2pm, and nobody has been crawling around in it. Bonus! um thanks for the invite! On my Martin shit... YOU GO GIRL... If there ever comes a day we can't be together, keep me in your heart I'll stay there forever. I am feeling home sickness. lol who partied hard for cinco? Lol, people party hard on that day! I'm like, "hey, how hard did you party on cinco?" And people say so hard that's what friends are for! “: Special thank you tweet to for this morning” aw have fun!! take care of my lil sis !!! VIDEO: Reggae/Dancehall music dead says Ninjaman : Welcome ... Yes, there are a few Mexicans in Ohio and we banded together to open a restaurant. Hit us up sometime! lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp with Backy's stick after colliding with Backy and losing both sticks! "Advanced stats? No writer uses these worthless numbers." I see many followers in my email but my following number is not going up. Can you help? thank you! he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book. He was an awesome story teller. I thought last night's #MadMen was fantastic. The show has veered far from its roots, & it felt like Don realized that last night - extremely healthy advance ! See what i mean ? Oh yeah, Christine Wise for commercial casting. Everybody does that *it's Sasha bitch Looked up and noticed something GROWING out of my gutters. Guess what I'm doing this morning. #SundayFunday ? Is there a way to see a list of people your following but are not following You?? After our tangent, our professor started lecturing like he was double-parked. Where is the sign up sheet? Where we going? Thank you for your blog, I have learned so much ! #Thatawkwardmomentwhen its obvious you tweet from your $10 phone al the time :p I feed 1 wife, 2 kids, 3 dogs, 1 fish, 1 lizard (new addition) and my wife says I have to feed the crickets he eats Unemployment is always "down" to those who are employed. Many thousands of 45-60 yr old execs nationwide aren't so sure. Watching Otto of at #vatorsplash - so awesome! We love using Flowdock. Hey everyone sorry I didn't follow some of u back I will try my best to follow everyone Thanks to everyone who came to Landscape Night! What was your favorite part of the evening? Thanks again to guest host See "Play Ball" newest candle warmer in the collection! Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room Get a FREE $20 coupon and an additional $10 coupon for each new friend you bring to our Medical Weight Loss seminar 1/18/11 – 412-681-6400 good morning twitter you dismiss the study because it ONLY summarized 16 states? Many states have few if any charters forgood reason You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself Good Friday Morning...Up early working on new Catalog!! It's beautiful out here and doing some fishing too! #Str8LykeDes... Ion look at certain niggas the same no moe.... Billy's on Burnet. Unless you have another spot? Figure that's somewhat in the middle of us, and good. #19MillionBeliebers ?! No way?! Im so jealous.. Best deals in town @ getfollowersandlikes.com Get your order today and receive an extra half of your order free by 7am 3/23/2011 i would! wish i lived in Texas Stresses the fuck out <U+0001F61E> I got some much-needed chocolate today, too! Except remember when those meltaways melted in my purse during Dragon Tattoo!?! turned it again as host (and as Amish)! as much as I like Cover It Live, you may want to consider for your future live chats and ongoing conversation. I don't got that many monies. We DMed you this morning! We hope to hear from you soon! Quick work trip! but i'll have some time tomorrow afternoon to explore Fisherman's Wharf! Looking forward to it! how was your day?(: Alright c'Mon, let's get this win! "Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." The more you learn the more you earn. Read, it expands your mind. Each and every word. Gotta love History Channel Duck Dynasty! Like watching my dad, primo fili, and primo eloy! Omg crying from lmao! Make some extra money, and you’ll have a little cash you can save Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The application is so rigged it's a joke. No matter what u do don't play. SAVE 10% IF YOU MENTION OUR TWITTER NAME ON YOUR ORDER! Thank goodness this didn't count. My rooting interests are going to explode if Kemba attempts a game-winner against the Hawks for real Drummers! If you are free, come down and check out James Gadson tonight at Casa Del Mar (Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, me). 8pm, no cover. I admit it, I have a problem. With that being said, when the fuck are u gonna change yours!? Have you designed a button for our Facebook Button Design Contest yet? Check out our Facebook now for details. Wugazi (Wu-Tang Clan + Fugazi) is currently ruling my world. Today I will listen to Mariachi music on my commute. Just got cut off by Rick Ross in a mini van This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make the best of it The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in time of moral crisis preserve their neutrality - Dante Offering Treatments for hair, body and spirit in the Heart of Hillcrest. I guess being the innovator of forcing passengers to pay to check bags wasn't the solution American Airlines. Hello Ch. 11! Omg this chick just walked in wit her daughter and her butt hanging out the bottom of her shorts MEAN GIRL: "I'm sorry for being mean to you but I need some advice. Why doesn't Josh like me?" ME:" Cos your UGLY!" Baseball Game Today :) Looking forward to starting the semester next week! Amount of hungry senior citizens on the rise Flying Biscuit = yummy food every visit. Don't know how I missed the one right by me on w. paces ferry all this time :/ since i aint finna club heavy this summer i thnk ima get right on my 2k skills lol I love SUVs. <U+0001F49C> I love sitting high up<U+0001F609> It's an amazing thing! RT : RT : I like it when a person comes into your life by accident and stays, on purpose! check out the new shirts at flipcups.com Also we are looking for models Uh oh! #agtown on I like the article, but the 5th paragraph says "hisself." Lost 99% of credibility in that one word. My ex told me I need to #GROWAPEAR so I dumped that bitch for ;) lmfao I hate you bring back the 'a book apart' shirts! Every day may not be good... but there's something good in every day. Progress is progress! Even 1 step in the RIGHT direction is a GREAT thing! According to Charlie Echeverry, senior vice president of Univision, Los Angeles, there are a lot of brands that do not understand consumers. Lol well I didn't do the project so I'm gonna finish it..and I just don't like the rain. RT : The Brown-Forman Nutcracker opens in less than a month! Who's ready for the holiday season!? working on drums for 14: EnergyBank by Jason Meyer - identifies investments in appliances that will give you the best return over the life of appliance I wish I had Wednesdays off. When ever u call baby, ill roll up... <3's it! Happy iPhone day! Live music tonight !!! Starts at 7.... With Kelly Riley! I think there is something wrong with me... Im doing something very unheathly... But i cant stop. I think i have bulimia. cambridge bound, where you at ? I'M THE ONLY DEREK AROUND HERE GODDAMNIT. Thanks, Drexel Archives! We're official now. an old grandma that JaccTrippa turned out! Hahaha Over the #MothersDay weekend was a moment of #Justice finding guilty of #Murder of this Let's see if I can get this Tesla card working Thanks to all the #Smithsonian Nerds that made it out to #thirstdc! We geeked out, we drank, we discussed. We want more. Today I stand on my own - proud, happy, loved, and eternally grateful to be living this wonderful, beautiful life. Exactly! We are completely wireless & w/ AppleCare our support is outsourced to Apple stores. We save money in the long run. I'm the happiest I've been in a while. More things are good than bad for once. I hope my luck lasts(: Note to Assad: if you are a mass murderer trying to slip under the radar, try not having a Hitler mustache. Stoked to see Wil Crombie's visualizations at 5/10 !! Would love to do a show w you guys this summer !! Nicki Minaj just set rap music back 15 years. The Grammys are probably just gonna do away with the rap categories now it was your bday today? Happy birthday! Hope it was awesome! :) Wow! RT : Jesus, Austin. 9 homicides in 2012? WTF guys? It's only April. #PeopleNeedToStop putting off buying uniforms for their employees! A printed tee or embroidered polo is free advertising! Call 877-244-9913 gone head and preach. me too, I've been craving it for months. Who has dreams about restaurants like that!? Lol Food then movie with my nigga no matter what happen i will always support you and defend you <U+2665> Victorians are here for you :{) I love you Vic! YES, & why are you not RESHOWING THIS for Downton fans to keep them in clutches? Art tomorrow with now this shall be interesting;D rondo shouldn't worry about his three point %. Needs to work on his free throw % well before he worries about his 3pt % i miss the lips that made me fly. unless his argument is on personality side...which really is trumped by talent...even Russel "BSOML" Martin Guys are so selfish to only like the image of the perfect girl before getting to know them. if you get the wifi model of iPad you won't need to tether it to your phone. WE IN I'm thinking about committing self-immolation in protest of the tax raising Republicans. Would they get the message? #MyPastRelationships Ain't Got SHIT On My Current One :) chillen,txt me poodle status LMFAO Still waiting for my last teammate to check in with weekly points. just saw you on ESPN U at SEC championship! But he made up for it. Berggren grabs an offensive board and puts two back with the foul #20ThingsAboutMe i am NOT a morning person.. haha So as I was walking around NYC in the sweltering heat I spotted and had to purchase the raddest pair of leather shorts ever created.... RT : 3 more Mondays left in the school year RT Keeping it classy I can't wait to stand outside of a Herald Square #brandbeef c/ Crowd was going crazy today. Welcome back! Pune. Exactly how do you pronounce that? I went to Mumbi back in '05. Fact. MT A3. Pres. is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional. It is not a subject that pays mega ££ (or $) I'm just done messing with bullshit anymore Quote: "Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of someone else." Judy Garland Hope everyone who is already off today is having fun Two wins in a row! And I missed our goal again... It seems like they only score when I'm not watching the field YES!! love a good wig! I even had the hair wrapped horns, PRE-GAGA. Damn! iPhone case broke. Which is better than said iPhone breaking I assume. BAH HA! The chick who was supposed to be opening was too busy getting her hair cut at Outstanding! hahah I'm hoping he delivered! I'll find out when I get home tonight. Anyone have acar adventure story? We would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story! my ex got addicted to pills ;; you don't kno how that shit feels - mentally... good morning everyone!!! Early Morning grind!! Audition for 'Grown Ups 2' tomorrow morning. hopefully, this turns out successful (: x Early in 1909, a group of laborers who had organized a club named “The Tramps,” went to the Pythian Theater to see a musical comedy... I'm not being hateful I just get tired of being asked the same thing 20 million times Enjoy and thank you! I'm always interested to talk to my followers (: Caribbean Food is calling your name at and it made me paranoid about the low chance I could get breast cancer. is it bad that I'm starting to not be able to see which portions I highlighted on Word Congrats on your International Women of Courage award. You are an inspiration for all women. Had 2 great photo shoots with amazing teams! So thankful! Can't wait to share the photos :) #FF time! ;D thank you friend!! Xxo FanClub 80 's Rule! Girls T-Shirt (Hot Pink) Blueberry Milshake from wins! Wheres the blueberry in #DC???? no comment on quality but when they shot in Baltimore they used our library's archives to ensure historical accuracy. That was cool. This game is mad good gotta love the playoffs Thanks :) I'm really looking forward to driving across the country but more exciting about moving to L.A. Ugh </3 i hate when plans change lol too funny I don't bump Kirko Bangz music, he reminds me of Drake lol Instead talk about insurance we pay for through our taxes -- Drew Westen “: Evilla tonight! Hope to see you guys there for Bubbles Client Appreciation night!” Please follow Now! I would love to do a duet with him. thanks! It's because you're a classy ISU fan. I've never tried to write one for that reason alone. It's so seductive to think of the TV show as a whole...and jump ahead. I'm not losing any sleep over it. Just like before I met you all. I was just fine. (: Imho is officially on our "to see" list now. We have a lot to look forward to out there Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies. how i met your mother The new band is kicking into full gear. Writing and demoing. We wont be announcing/releasing anything for a few months heyy check your phone My liver just told me he is mortal. O No!!!! I prefer to arrive early. Hey- let's have coffee sometime & discuss ABQ biz. Still amazes me that marketers use advertising-ish tag lines as their value prop because it sounds good. Crazy. you almost need a team one to park while the others go inside, then you rotate. Brutal taking the blog down while I rethink things-- it was neither well-tended or well-read (related phenomena) SF people: We're looking for around 200 sq ft in #RichmondDistrict for film #archives workspace. Any ideas or leads MUCH appreciated. follow me and ill follow :) Learn yoga for free and take classes through DVD Michel Serres: In our posthumanist future all sentences will be fragmentary. No grammatical subjects, only direct quasi-objects. What are you doing? Want to meet? But isn't the point of a ceiling to not go past it? Why bother having one if it's gonna keep getting raised? RT : Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God. Enjoy life. We can't wait either! We promise a great show My beautiful wife #mademesmile with some amazing loving today :) as of today, as far as the public domain is concerned, he white house. Which is exactly what Paul wants to rile up his base. #CTIAW12 is awesome! We have never been to a show like this before. We would love to meet you for a second. Been follower 4 yrs #MarissaAlexander keep her in your prayers.. grab a ho it would appear that way Sure. I just dmed you. I look forward to it. every day someone reminds me how young I am. I didn't forget, I don't need to be reminded and it's not your business Igght thinkin bout stopin my usage on social network sites for a while. and serving our country in the military and a mom too and real talented #OscarTweet Such a great lineup this year at the #Oscars -- such a return to original writing, great acting and meaningful movies. At HTC mall!!! Wish I had something to this weekend. Skol Vikings! MN Senate approves new stadium bill 36-30. It now heads to Gov. Dayton's desk. Coverage beginning on KSTP-TV at 5pm. Back pain could take weeks to appear. After my plane crash it was a month before my back went out. See a doctor if it hurts. homecoming this week at my school. I'm going as a sister wife. we'll have thisConference in some bar When I signed up for a 5K with a 2am start, it sounded exciting. Now, it feels like the worst idea ever. oh yeah? Where are you going? We might be going to bripp later! Kobe looked at Mike Brown like "why you call timeout, i know what i am doing already" Sounds a good idea! RT : Happy Monday!! Do one thing today that is just outside your comfort zone :) Trying to find a video of a Love Note from MEDleys A Cappella... apparently, you can commission the group to sing love songs. Just placed my order for pastries @ choc pink for next Thursday!!! Who Hooo yummy!!! HUGE crush on Fallon. GAME OF THROOOOOONESSSSS There are a number of people here at Valley View who just might be future Repo Games contestants. I know xD Rain or Shine, the Crawfish Fest is ON! It doesn't rain at the Road! (but if it does, we got tents!) :) see you Sun! Hahaha holy crap, is that argument a real thing? Happy Birthday love all the way from Houston ;) S/O to my history teacher for always taking me out of class <U+0001F497> I don't have no more vacation days left for the entire year.... what adaptogens do you recommend? I'm alive still if Bucks win it! #Survivor tonight - what in the world? "He's Black I'm Spanish HELLO my genes dominate!" BWAHAHAHA I love Maury! Sad I'm gonna miss the St. Paul Summer Beer Fest but I grabbed Open tickets. The 6nd annual! Thanks & Great discussion. Wish I could've contributed more; I do *super* old-school indexing. IS IT EASIER TO GET OVER A BROKEN HEART OR THE DEATH OF A LOVE ONE I just choked on a Jolly Rancher & my whole life flashed before my eyes O.O osu blowing out duke in 1st half!!! Cut and re-dyed my hair blue today. Feel like I got my me-ness back. When ppl have this "Either you're with me or against me" mentality <<<< I have no idea. Maybe a #FF or something. hi yvette, would you follow me so i can respond to your direct msg? thanks ! Former d-man on 24/7 flyers- rangers.... Can't wait for the winter classic. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake. -Confucius Been taking in a lot of good info lately. I want to work on implementing it, but where to start? you did wonderful bahja God is going to bless you even more in your future keep doing your pretty hustle and i hope to see u sn. A #golf tourney doesn't get to use the term 'prestigious' if said tourney is held at a club that doesn't allow Reviewing The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson I'm a pure sucker for science history. Can't wait to read it! Yo people dont forget to follow . And check out their official site. You wont regret it! 90% off? that's practically free. my justification for buying 70 #peeps on clearance we appreciate your vote!!! continue to spread the word! just burned my #projectx wardrobe. never again will i wear the same thing for that long in a row again. best party ever been to ;) GO SEE!!! That was not an okay dream to have... #MP for Bringing us together RT: Happy bloggerversary to If you haven't yet, follow him. If you don't, you will be forced to endure Battlefield Earth on repeat. #oah2012 maybe instead of vanity spots for "commentators", the last 10 min of sessions could be reserved for questions what's wrong yes! In Niles dude. Good luck and Mohegan Sun has non-smoking tables What an awesome performance today at the Statehouse! Thx for following BAA and promoting youth art! flourless chocolate cake and I are sleepy and getting our money on!!! She's A Lady - Forever the Sickest Kids Thank you for listing us as a top story! Word! RT : #MentalSlavery is much worse and more detrimental than physical slavery could ever be. so many commercials!!! can't wait to see you guys too :) thanks jacob, look for a new one coming this week. Had an awesome time Bravi dinner. Want to thank The Keilly's (JMK) for great bday dinner and St Patty's. At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie (other half unknown) Why did I do that? Slogan for the Lybians: Gaddafi must go! 40 year of hell is enough! Yes! This mess is crazy Now following u back.... 2morrow 3/22 we will be serving in Berry Hill on Bransford & W Iris fm 11-130.Come on by and see us! S/O to my new follower #BeforeIGetMarried you cannot be borderline a 'pretty good cook"...either Know or learn Thanks Have a great day at Destination ImagiNation tournaments! true. When yo black ass coming back hahaha I wish! lol I need to find the rest of the season (: love and be left. Miss already I'd reverse, through the legs, 360, off the back board, slam on you if I was coming in this weekend "You may have to give up a day at the beach so that someday you can own a beach house." Thanks Jamie!! Ba-ZING! Do you have a iPhone or a iPod Touch If you do? Go to the App Store Go To Music Than Tap VEVO It's free to download so try it today. Funny how you can go from talking to a person everyday to not talking at all I just finished watching that Greg Kinnear movie about the guy (Mitt Romney) who invented intermittent windshield wipers. YEAH BABY ANOTHER 123 FOR also if you want you can follow our personal accounts: :) We follow back :] Our online store will be open very soon. I'm listening to an interview I did in 2009. My accent is so thick. I love it. Why is it 11 and I have yet to eat dinner? Not a big fan of American Idol this season but I must say that song "Dance with my father again" moved me. Miss you Luther when there is will, there is a way are you playing at WT Phoenix?? Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people. Im so emotional right now, Im crying over everything and anything right now Anyways I still have to do my history project and test corrections for bio. Then I need to make a psych bag Thanks for the FF! We loved having you at the #ALAconf and enjoyed the tweets! Hope to see you in MD for the 2013 show! New Orleans Pie The Series is in negotiations for a full 2 season run and distribution, we are about to go viral people!!... Hat-trick for Thierry :-) that's the easiest decision! Oops upside ya head (the big headache the bigger the pill) (the bigger the doctor the bill) W.E.F.U.N.K. Say Oops upside ya head Happy Labor Day U.S.A. !!! Happy Monday To The International Peeps :) RT Another saying I hate..." It was just meant to be." Silly way to deal with things not turning out the way you wanted them to happy birthday we played just outside eustis Florida. It would have been amazing to see you. Next time we're in Florida for sure! Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! #dontyouhate when your stuck at someones house...and there getting drunk or buzzed.. and you wanna go see your bf/gf really bad!! well ik I always liked that line. :-) Apparently, I've got that boom boom pow. Who knew? pick any day next week. U know we'll take care of u. Just shoot us an e-mail! Thanks for the mentions.. UPDATING STAR CREDITS! FOUND YOU TUBE LINK FOR MY EPISODE OF THE BILL COSBY SHOW - “GOING THE ROUTE” - (#1.11) – 11/30/69 RODGER- MARK BROWN Rumors include a Diamond! : Stay tuned...we will be announcing Auction Items for our April Monopoly event this week! <U+0001F631> what do you have to do? lane Happy Halloween!!! am I loved or am I hated? Just got back from the gym, second time today! 2 A Days are back. i wish i said more to you saturday . but i had a fun time ! & so did my mom (: Wow! All 16,000 comments from BPL compass process to be posted online in one document Please purchase your DOC IT T-Shirt to show your support for OVARIAN CANCER MONTH SEPTEMBER. Thank you Doc It Foundation Susie Up early and off to a fellowship meeting in Denison is so freakin' sexy. You dumb boy. Enjoy your 14 hours of sleep idiot. RT : you're the worst love me and RT ! “ I suck at texting back.” "The people want the fall of the regime" was taken from the 20th-century poet Abu al-Qasim Al-Shabbi's "Will to Life" Bout to shower try to relax :( Is that a move to clear cap space for #Manning? Feeling happy and stressed at the same time? Haha, whatever :) Love that kid Why is your show called PDXposed when almost all the episodes are not about Portland? Still, It's a great show!!! ATTN: FASHION & BEAUTY MEDIA PLANNERS! New website w/ adv. opps for celebrity stylist contact thanks mike! One more second I'm gunna strike oil... Flo Rida finals week! wuz up hommie stop.n by to show luv I guess the Truth won't be calling in tomorrow thanks. We really appreciate that. We look forward to handing you some of our projects so you can check them out. Dammit im drunk >_< , for some reason, it helps me work though. Yeah, I did that... Hey! We haven't talked in FOREVER! Working every other day makes every day after the other a Monday. That's not good. Although would it make the end of the work day a Friday? #TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I used to be a dancer/Cheerleader/Gymnist My in-ears are fixed. Thank you Jesus! ROFL ! Nice Tips :) If you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say, 'In Jesus name, amen' Up all night <U+2665> Fourth day straight of feeling terrible <U+0001F637> blehh #First20SongsOnShuffle #2 Devil In The Machine by Liquid Stranger fuck yes. new song to be named "one of these days alice" RT : Marching band members, don't forget about your physical forms. thank you! “: “: M... Should I do a shot while I'm at home?!” what u think bout dat?” is freaking out that I have a birth mark Beautiful tasting you put together there. Thanks for sharing your discovery. Cheers! Beautiful shop~Great new location on Montgomery Blvd in Mossman Center! I hate it when u refuse to go on a truck stop date nope not that guy... was like 3 years ago... can't place his name short stocky guy with a beard Unacceptable for an actor on a tv show to deliver lines with their mouth full of food. First and last time I'll ever watch Happy Endings Girls golf: Wilsonville moves back into tie for 1st in NWOC after scoring 193 yesterday to win match at Quail Valley. Liberty 2nd (179). As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive! Suddenly, my early to bed Wednesday, late night Thursday #relayforlife routine seems like a terrible idea in light of a 2-fer this weekend. when? I didn't think I had to work today, but now I do! I work from 2:45-5:30 avengers, knicks are about to get finished off Mirror Mirror, Snow White & The Huntsman & Once Upon a Time...how many versions of Snow White do we need right now? MY FUTURE IS 10 TIMES GREATER THAN MY PAST to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 6 just look on the brightside your roughly 6 feet tall What all? Hope you enjoy the Yourcenar article. She's one of my favorite authors. In particular, her novel "The Abyss". Had some amazing photoshoots today! Excited to post pictures :-) "Ugh, not another booty call." - girl, "What? No, I just need my treasure" - pirate Heres what scares me: cam newton is too similar to vince young, hes a man amongst boys, hes the blake griffin beast of his sport Paseo Del Norte & I-25 improvement project will go to the voters. No date for vote determined yet. Well, it's great to see the Bozo Show is back in Chicago. And when I say Bozo, I mean Theo and Ricketts! Not hiring Ryno huge mistake!!!! The killer Spurs beat the slumping Knicks 101 - 92 “: Before I die I want to meet Josh Hutcherson.” cj and Amanda Blount ...they are awesome Wait, Whitney takes place in Chicago?! Wait, I'm watching Whitney?! Rondo with the chest-bump to the referee and the automatic ejection Breast Cancer Survivor Singer/Songwriter " Ebony Diaz " www.metooyotambien.tv Incredible story! Follow us! And let us know when your in Austin ;) Making funny videos! With : ) polls in US suggest ppl are divided on Trayvon, but I agree shld let evidence emerge. "Mom, are you still banned from Morocco?" She says it was only a 5 year probation. And yet she wonders why I prefer to travel without her. lololol I call Ross you can have Austin! Lmbo!!!! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> Miami has better weather.. that is all. Miami fans are delusional. Lmfao on glee they sang WMYB. Thats one sign as to how much 1D has grown famous. you can not blame me! --- this dude is out of control. I saw your Arnold shirts at urban outfitters in orange county. That was a nice surprise! Sounds like a great story. watching jennifers body You need to make your content discoverable Im really happy with how my storys coming out so far c; Check out Twitter!!! There's this misconception that you have to be all put together to come to God. Nope, not true. He loves us in our brokenness. Act like a boyfriend , not a jerk . thanks so much hun! Have a wonderful Sunday! Dear chocolate, Goddamn you. Sincerely, Kevin. I love Pocoyo. Shirt credit for today goes to ! #HowCanYouExpect there to be food in the fridge after you just checked 5 minutes ago and it was empty lmao Who all came out to the show Saturday hosted by !? What did you think? Favorites? Are you an entrepreneur in Milwaukee? Join us tmrw at 7:30p on the roof of !!! leggo I need the friday flyer up ASAP... let's get a phone conference going. haha! Down I've never been on a Thursday. Should prove most enticing. Actually your account is active and has been since that day. Did you try to log in? ALL FANS SHOULD HAVE SIGNATURE :) we can do that! ^^ ok so has everyone seen the #Avengers by now?? Digging through a competitive review of HD video cam manufacturers. Amazing to see the wasted marcomm dollars. haha that was funny! Chop chop chop da squid! :) <3 u Trekking back home... she just added an "E" to the name. I DON'T MAKE POEMS !!!! 10-handed = cramped & tight for the players. Smaller pots/tips for the dealers. And a slower game/less rake for the casino. What was the best #golf #gift you every received at the #holidays? are you guys releasing a new cd any time soon!? #FREESHOTS Get a free shot of espresso in your drink today! congrats to my boi skippyg n his 1st youtube contest ...google tv! congrats Tim Sports heros in Boston are like crime fighters in in Gotham City. You either die a hero, or live long enough that your tee times get leaked. The NX driver is taking a totally new route back to #OceanBeach today & I'm pretty sure there are no shocks on this bus. also wonder if IRS will have issues It is a never ending thing, I unfollow all the time and then follow new people and then say who is this? unfollow! good luck im sure i already know..lol And I eat like a savage lol Still recovering from the loss. It was a special season, looking forward to next year! officially - I belong on a dude ranch. Tasting the 15-year aged Oolong we got in... Great stuff. Complex with notes of dark honey, dried grape/ raisin, spices and a long finish Sam Elliot gravelly drawl/voiceover for Dodge Ram ads indelible, and a 'stache on par w Hey, , what's the point of the signin sheet at the BTD if some dude is just gonna yell 'Who's next?' and take whoever shows up? Hey David! How's the music flowing? :0) My dog could have caught that Is radio slowly getting extinct? Which media will survive? Gettin fucked with some long lost friends ;) With the way this game has gone that shuld be enough 4 Rangers to advance. Why must planning take so much work and thought...? #asdfghjl; So whatever happened to your plan to make money with a 3D printer? ooh, do you know who? Hopefully for something fun! super bowl tonight stop in $25 all you can eat and drink stoli and horny goat beers and food at half time. 2011 s 1 street We believe that The Bible has answers to life's biggest burdens. Come find out what financial freedom can feel like at #SPC this Sunday! whats his facebook url? We have arrived in albuquerque. It took five minutes for a person to yell rebels suck! Live at 5, 10 & 11. interesting! Thanks for the info :) How can we help? RT : Wedding ring shopping. Not my thing AT ALL... #OTPCrew Love to see you all this week!! "This is the definition of hell." Haha.THAT'S what it's for! and it loves you right back What is your go to Arizona Adventure? After weeks upon weeks of racking my brain over a short film I want to write, one Fred Neil song put it all into perspective. Inspired! Has Highlight given you the initiative to connect with ppl you don't know based on common interests or friends? Allow God to be your neosporin this morning & heal that open wound from the outside in to begin a work on the matters of the heart All I know is if I make it home during FB season, better have her cousin hook me up with tickets! lol There is a free concert with Algebra Blessett and Julie Dexter performing next Friday. You know me..a thrill for a deal! Bloggin It. I got my invitation to #districtfile from my CoS. Had to sweet talk him a bit because it's supposed to be only for Sr. staff. It's a precarious passageway of prose! Andy please ask Jimmy if he listens to Phish, or any kind of jam bands. Thank u have fun, and have a cocktail for me! Smile 420! im gettin me a weddin band from me to me;) Beach tomorrow??? Or maybe just go work at the church and then watch tv all day who knows?!? Whenever straight men say bigoted shit like "women aren't attractive when..." I want to ask them to post a picture of their wife/girlfriend. If being gay were a choice, I wouldn't be hanging upside down in a sharks mouth in my profile pic. A bit shook up and pretty sore but yes ok, thank you! RT: girl, we need you safe and sound!!! thank the universe you are alright! Beans are a great meat sub. For heart health, base a meal around beans instead of meat at least 1x per week- we like #MeatlessMonday! I know I talk about giving second chances and how rare they are but..do NOT think I actually give I would use my jesus powers for gambling for SURE! If you come out, there might be belly rubs. I'm just sayin'. Yikes forgot & our host from #LBYRPreview in my earlier Can you follow your new sister pls:-) RT if you're taken. OK, responses confirm that trailing whitespace cleanup is a circlejerk. I just auditioned for Jmcasting Imagine if the boys had to take a ship to America, like one of those battle ship things Awww thanks. You are too! <3 :D Just waiting while does the longest interview ever. We feel your pain. Our skills at #wordswithfriends are a bit limited. - Bryan hittem low and counter with an upper cut! but really don't fight it, give it to God. He always wins! Not every rock wants to roll. big dev day today! just avoid using any ACME products and you should be good. You'd figure he would have sued them by now..... Wow, thanks so much for the high praise! We're glad to offer a little comfort food on dreary days. Welcome to the team! RT : Tomorrow morning I start my job in the office of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra. Super excited! Bought my first car cash! everything in my name! OMG!! thanks! So far I'm loving the way it looks on my wall. RT has u covered with umbrellas in this rain! Comp umbrella stations at L'Occitane and Body Shop. Comp S'bux coffee and cocoa! #AllBetter RT : ALEX RIOS NOW 2-FOR-39 WITH A RUNNER ON THIRD AND TWO OUTS SINCE THE START OF 2011! my phone is pissing me off so dam bad I am going to brake this dam phone.. Thank you again, #clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome. BTW, Obama is an idiot. Thanks for the RT! Follow for ethiosoccer in DC "wondering, what's the point of going out, we're just going to end up back here anyway!" Goodnight babe <3 im actually excited for school today :} #TheGrind don't let up, and neitha do I!! Why does this US Coast Guard chopper insist on repeatedly circling my neighborhood and apt. building...and why so low? yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is haha kiss the summer hello. but honestly I don't even care for anyone else playing just go for him and leave!! good to know. "If you don't know who you are by the time you become famous, that fame will define you." --Oprah via Ricky Gervais You called? Aaaaahhhh feet are so DISGUSTING Jeez it was kinda nice when I went to class! Now it's cold! I was hoping the O's could have split the series but oh well still tied for 1st Lawmakers say just three bills left until everything goes to Governor Dayton.. The end of #MNshutdown is in sight! #ABestFriend Is Someone Who Will Always Be There For You<U+0001F60A> And I Have My BestFriend/Cousin<U+2764> ILoveYouAlicia<U+2764> The powers of Netflix at work. Whoever convinced James Taylor that it was a good decision to do a Christmas album should be punched in the ear Appreciate your prayers this morning for God-inspired words as we head to FBC Clarksville and the awesome women there! R u interested in a Feature Film Project Starring and a Few Other Name Talent? M about to sleep so good. My girl old fashion after a nite on the town we finish off smashin It's very calmbeforethestorm-ish in Austin today, literally and figuratively. also I'm definitely regretting coming here sans jacket. You're right i cant believe this my lasy day of school;) it came so fast Had fun riding back/forth to TN w/son. He went to UGA game w/my dad. Listened to JayZ/Kanye. Love 2 tracks in particular. "Preach." thanks so much beautiful !! ;) haha well...yes... i hope not! Good evening, Ms. Blythe. How's your headache, better? RT : ACCEPT and ADJUST and SOAR!! Let's get it!!!! Man overboard > I am honestly going to be terrified to leave my house and work as soon as the assassin starts Low 40s today and tomorrow with a mix of sun and clouds. Get out and enjoy it! True but while ness is cleanin I'm gonna take a shower That awkward moment when me and my sis think is following her so we freak out but instead we find out it's someone else D; Visualization without action is like daydreaming. Get out there and do it! Boxers need to do more glove signing. I'm sick of hearing boxers coming to LA without doing shit for their fans. Grilled pork chops w/ Penzey's Pork Chop Seasoning, Sauteed Baby Red Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli. Oh and dinner rolls! Dinner is served I shoulda just not tweeted about the game cause you know as soon as I did Syracuse scored 7 unanswered I've been thinking about Zen a lot lately, so that scene hit home for me too. Terrific movie, thanks for the tweet. You "tweet" more than anyone I know... You coming over for pre-game? Quincy Jones on O, didn't realize his idea was making TheColorPurple into a movie, stillnot over the bassline in Thriller...pisces genius!! Everybody watch #WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4... there's a story that involves me I would love to tweet right now but I'm too busy screaming watching #Final Four championship game! Kentucky is just too strong. Thank you for your commitment to Portland and the Trailblazers! Can I send someone an ebook as a gift? Seems easy enough, but can't seem to figure it out. RT if u see this and i <3 when u notice ur fans:) 2 things to live by ....Stay Hungry and Humble #Livin # // Awesome! Thanks for the shout! lots of discovery layers for catalog - which one to use? each product has different indexing #Coolstorybro No, I mean really. I'm not being sarcastic... That story was pretty freaking cool. Tell it again. my boys said im bender off futurama lmao, cuz everytime we go out to eat i just drink beer Lol... All day The best fan of Taste&Tweet is Thx for all the support. You were there for us early on -- thanks We have an fantastic Channel Partner deal for 2012.. Call us for details: 0844 8802010 how your day so far today So improv, handheld cameras, location shooting, low budget. I taught a Dogme '95 class 4 yrs ago w/ some mumblecore. Time 2 rock the A-rod jersey Mr.two Dozen The joy Luck Club.......gets me everytime : ( My sister Amy will be playing a saxophone in the New Years Parade / London England this Sunday Go AMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! You tell Stephen A. Smith that I said he can laugh all he wants but the Spurs are the better team this year. Last day to follow us for chance to win $50 gas card! Winner named 11/1. Double your chances to win & "LIke" us on Facebook. If we want to make wise decisions, we will look beneath the surface and ask some key questions. Thanks, Ryan! That's our #1 too! On a different note, this tweet reminds us that we still owe you an email! team Razor! Cause who doesn't like a little danger? ;) MT : Tonight 6p CAS522 - "What to Wear" w/ Susan Callender! Learn how to land your DREAM ": And I fell on my ass lmfao"drink more beer it wont matter what you bowl If my sissy takes me I will I just googled my name lol thanks for follow me :D “: Seen the ghost again.” <--- drug side effects #TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ¦<U+25AC><U+25BA>¦<U+25AC><U+25BA> TOP MALE MODEL HE FOLLOWS BACK!!! I guess I wasn't paying attention then! how cute robert farts LOL We are hosting the Happy Hour Tonight, starting at 5:30pm! Please stop by #TheVault to enjoy some refreshments and ping-pong! if i eat 37 sliders it's cool because they're tiny, right? Im sleppy... i guess its nap time :) haha what do u charge All weekday lunch services are now from 11am-2pm. I miss you!! IM DOING SCRIPTS BY MYSELF LOL.... You're welcome. :) breakfast report: david terrified by pop-up ad. "hey, it's just kelis!" I followed! Ouch. Speedy recovery wishes! CANT FOCUS ON PSYCHOLOGY NOW...WILL COMPLETE IT TOMORROW When she says sorry say so am I. Lets Go Pens. Make the haters eat it! Today was a good day. I got a new bookkeeping client! You're welcome! Keep up the great DIYs! Nothing feels as good as being a mom. I love it. If I make it to Texas for the Marquez fight I need to get me a #GodSpeed shirt. Been trying hard as hell to get one! #305Love all day congrats <U+2665> :D Let her. She don't know what's up. RT : Oh shit. Swizz is talking shit! Like, ALWAYS! & congrats on your graduation! At the whaler getting some drinks with warren wth! Did u say anything to them? Children's competitive ballet - talks with director Bess Kargman about her new doc Fascinating convo coming up #IfYouKnowMeWell wait... you don't even have to know me well to know how much I love Ariana. - great seeing you last night!! People often take my Kindness for Weakness ;; but im threw dealing with unnecessary issues it's ok I understand At ... come get some nachos! Biggest ones you have ever seen! Slangin' burgers at Brave the weather. Get your face rocked! team 11 cheated! Watching Celebrity Apprentice are you ever like self conscious in a locker room Steve Kerr is an idiot! We played at eat at Loews. They had us in the round and the staff were awesome to us..Great venue. When he says hi and you just can't stop smiling. H.O.T.M. Housewives of team mindless (; lmaoo 2NITE @ UB's Broadway/Dobson "The Life&Times of the Blackbelt Theatre" Tour with Copywrite and Planet Asia 21&up U don't wanna miss this one NASA Contractor Bids to Continue Flying Space Shuttle Thanks, man. Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. Im not having a good morning o: neologisms ftw! doin me haveing FUN live life Everything you do just annoys me!! <U+0001F620> Happy First Day of Spring <U+266B>Time for spring cleaning & upgrading.Prefinished Ipe 3/4x3 would be a great choice. Versailles, KY is known as "The Horse Capital of the World"...at least until Margaret finishes her project in our back yard. If anybody can overcome the devastation of a Tsunami, it's probably the country where the word originates from. Pull through Japan!!!!!!!!!! Nice guys finish last. Your love, your love<U+E32A> Its not our differences that divide us It is our inability to recognize accept and celebrate those differences One god, One Aim, One Destiny WordPress 101 is at 11am - I'll see you then! Be sure to introduce yourself! true. But the cost of living is kind... Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Cloud of misdirection Thanks to everyone that rolled out to see and I off! ... #RT If is your pride <U+2665> Thanks for the shout-out! Glad to spread the word about you at In CHI today and tomorrow with a couple time slots still open. Any takers? Depends...are you gonna get charged for texting? Lol. : CNN calls Ohio for Romney do you happen to be working on anything with cam groves soon? I loved WSIA 1 and 2 Ladies Love Champagne | Join us tonight | Ladies text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar | you have such a sexy tush! ;P We are blushing! Just out of a business networking meet, several attendees raving about EcoClean, our quality, the difference. THANK YOU! Hoping my good friend finds his dog... Not all great things come in big boxes. Maybe choosing the smaller package will be the greatest thing in the world <3 I ordered a Raderberger Pilsner and my buddy say..."I thought you said you weren't eating!" LOL Ready to rage again? Okay. its over already? Weak. Loving this season<3 It's a hoot, and always learn something! Thanks 4 joining : First time joining #lrnchat Overwhelming experience, but fun. I'm not one for overstatement so I'll just say this: Harissa is the BEST. THING. EVER. I have no Idea that's how we roll! For your plans in Tucson this weekend allow the chauffeur's at Integrity to take you to your destination safely and conveniently Me watching the Hawks right now "Good for you! Whoever you are..." this sounds amazing! We will be the first users ever to use this site?!? Happy Valentines Day! I'm so fat Join us tonight for the Juilliard Jazz Ensembles Student Originals Concert, 8pm in Paul Hall! Check in on Foursquare to receive a free CD! That's weak. I won't stay there. Cool party on the greenhouse rooftop. New York style thanks Jonathan Thanks for the shout out. I think of you when I hear the phrase "stolen antiquity." I know! And still no True Hollywood Story! Wtf?? run on in Patron needed Study and Critical Thinking Skills in College but we don't carry textbooks. No local college had it either. Why do my arms hurt so bad this morning <U+0001F623><U+0001F620> Kick off your Thirsty Thursday celebration with Beckett’s happy hour from 4-7pm! Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; The best training you can get! Is there a way to crop austin out, I want it to just be me and my baby cullen. Closing for the night. We'll see y'all tomorrow! Love it! A Maslow Level 1 Hat Trick it is! RT : Maslows 1st level hat trick hope you get it all complete before the rain; at least I had awesome weather to enjoy, but my hands hurt today. Okay, any time after like 7PM YOUR TIME I'm good. RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC: The voices of Ben Gazzara & Sam Elliott in the movie Roadhouse inspire me. Not to mention the soundtrack rox! I'm thinking of training for a 5k. Would be my first. I know you're a runner & wondered if there r races memorial day weekend. Ain't that the truth. I buy shoes like a drug attick buys drugs Once i Seen The Matt Forte Post i Knew it was you LAMEEBUTT (x 's closet. Morning world, how's everybody??? Your Money: Enthusiastic About Car Sharing? Your Insurer Isn x2019;t you are the best merch girl ever Happy New Year! Mention you follow us on Twitter for $1 off an order of Chicken 'N Waffles in January! RT : When ppls hoods start trending people be getting upset ^_^ Dying to know, but afraid to find out. actually more like 7 months lol Mane N' Tail actually works. Shit, my hair has already grown 2 inches in a month O: His fake accent is quite bad, isn't it? Thanks! I just might! HEY ARE YOU A COLTS CHEERLEADER? Playing at Plaza De La Raza tonight: 10:30-12midnight...the house is packed. Walking dead is truly a good show ... What is this #SanDiego weather? Let's cut out and head to Nicaragua.... Romo will play cowboys will win and giants will cry Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids I forgot my glasses. Shiiiiiit the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles. with for a cut from Always the best! RT : Thanks for an idea for my next article! RT : But we MUST train mentors on how to mentor! A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks. Thanks Hounddog, we miss you! Thanks man! "Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe. : Make sure you're all calling whatever radio station you're listening to tonight an let them know you wanna hear #HONESTLY ... Also big shout out to our manager #PrettyFlyForABigGuy [F.G.C x SG] Please update us... Multiple people have checked and were unable to identify this siuation. tea and fig rolls for breakfast.. the british kind Shoe Game Gotta B Right! Only God can judge me Big week to start the season for the boys, few more days of practice at , and , first event thursday Come On spring!!!! You"re so close.... the head is crowning push! A person should never be appointed to a managerial position if his vision focuses on people's weaknesses rather than on their strengths. It mixes law enforcement & politics leading to unenforceable policies that cost more than they're worth. A cost billed to citizens. Me too! lol:) HR hit 181 and "Harder to Breathe" came on the radio. It's like it knows me :) It's a Mark Summers quote, right? I was happy to see that you were performing in Boston. Disheartened when I saw there were no more good tickets available. Microsoft products aren't about providing quality and usability. They're about generating profit, and pleasing shareholders. Ooh And He's Going To KI Wth Me Friday ( : My 60+ year old boss just out partied me that used to be my area code! #swag lol but i think it's too long "Charlene" (my ride) looks like a huge globule of pollen. He who laughs last didnt get it. Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size & brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with In Sydney! It's one of the most beautiful places I've been :) God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters. “: A great dream must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.” Off today so I'm up Put my back into spasm trying to re-arrange the dining room furniture. thanks for sharing :-) Looking forward to the weekend already. A lot of work to be done before then. : Great to connect! I catch u sometimes on air & remember your coverage of the DC hurricane last year...you're a funny guy! Umm is right. That is so not natural. #antenna Terk Indoor Am Antenna Advantage Wow - beautiful day today in the Duke City! mating bugs- go to Florida. They have the love bug; all it does is copulate. They are escapee from the science lab. best closer ever, yes. but i am not going to tell the man to call it a day. especially based on numbers achieved. Black people are officially fed up with 's bullshit. Follow back? hee hee - I feel the same way, book piles a hazard in my house and office but the egalleys help with the clutter If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here for all of you. . wins the "name that tune" competition. For any tango tune. There isn't even any competition, really. "Many more words to describe sadness than happiness" How many words to describe connectedness? More than those two combined? Such a buzzkill too!!! That could be a whole line of bumper stickers. Friends Don't Let Friends Tweet About What They Had For Breakfast Im mad AF . Biggest fears: falling into sidewalk grates, zombies, and vagina. that's why people love you :) Take student loans out, and "there has been virtually no rebound in consumer credit since the Great Recession ended" says Jim Bianco. I was crying in the grocery store over my ex and then I fucking saw his mom. Awkward as shit. Both my eyes are fading, no light in the evening, planted like a seed in sand and drowned in rain We're missing a purple Mac book that belongs to 1 of our members. If you've seen it or grabbed it by accident, please let us know. RT Simple Plan - I'd Do Anything is on the radio. My heart. It aches with love. come live with me! Miss you handsome! the day i discovered lucky charmz...lol "if you have to cry, go outside." one of the numerous reasons i love kelly cutrone. catching up on secret life. hey u! Just saw u in action for the first time - WoW! And how bout the heat? ;) jkjk hope ur nights a good one Someone is in the race for our foursquare mayorship! Thanks for coming by! Amazing. Spit out my drink laughing. Yep I'm Da Man! If #VCU has a HAVOC defense, #iubb has an offense that can only be described in one word: MAYHEM : yes you are. Pls send me a mailing address. We will mail out right away. RT : "You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup? You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag." Friday night plans fell through again. <<< call in the national guard. Reactions from #NationalMall about #Discovery: "Just Awesome!" I know nuts...Van Pelt just mentioned it, but they are waiting on more confirmation... Happy birthday!!! =] Psalm10:17-18You hear O Lord, the desire of the afflicted..defendig the fatherless and the opressed, in order that man...may terrify no more I drove tonight. When does THAT happen? And when are you visiting!? sorry, that was meant for original poster. please tell me y not I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS. depends on day/dissertation work :/ but that sounds like fun! I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY <3 My dad is so bad a** Doctor...Cowboy...Pilot. Couldn't ask for a more perfect father-in-law for Rickey today. Pray for rehab access for us. My bad yahoo! nice evening :)). that dude's a monster. This might be my favorite thing ever. Let Me Put Sme Clothes On I been Sittin In Dis Towel For Da Last Hr ! 2nd hand diamonds are the answer to responsible mining. More than enough already out there If only my cat could go get me Sudafed and coconut water. What's going on big guy? Im going to need that autograph soon. u've moved up since gymnastics class Haha. The #CherryBerryChiller at #McDonalds was so good. I bought 2 #dreamhosttouchyou in Seattle is a classy affair. Brett is even wearing a blazer. lol is gonna go in for me :)) i get in the car n the radio is playing <3 and it's gone on like this, for 3 years i guess / and we're drunk all the time and our lives are a mess. - Ah! Happy birthday, AND ! May 1 = big day for radio peeps. Little did I know! Ben, come over and have cheesecake! Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella heckuva play by There is creative reading as well as creative writing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson Several very enthusiastic citizens in Jackson County working hard to make all of southern Indiana once again productive. - JDG a real pony wouldnt be living in the house with us! :) I had an AMAZING time singing at the prayer brunch this morning!!! What an inspiration to be among such fabulous women of God! Thanks... Watchin rick james Documentary i love documentaries of ppl that became successful from music RT : Even our carnivorous meat-eating cats like vegan pumpkin pie. Better not try #vegan - you just might like it! That's about right RT : "Twitter Breaks News of Whitney Houston Death 27 Minutes Before Press" It looks like we've got ourselves a new lair to practice music in and hatch evil schemes from. About to fly out to England to find out if there is any truth to this Kris Boyd rumor! smh> ppl who wear redlipstick foundation caked on, colored eyeliner, and fake lashes to go running #workingout or I am soo bored right now .. like fr Angry citizen calls today are all mad cos their yards are flooded and they blame the city. Say whaa? Mine's flooded too. Sheesh. Can't stop playing #fifasoccer on #psvita. I hate that game. wearing sunglasses on a rainy day.... a clear sign of a hangover Good morning my friends People always assume my black ass is African lol Ain't no thang young fella, if I didn't think you were capable you know I wouldn't be f_ckin' with you!!! You in Vegas? Unlike my pal, I didn't get a sufficient base burn the other day. Going to rectify that in 2 hours. Grilling with Denny Sherman um blanket is for the chills I will get as I read. Of course... congrats josh on your historic week, now stay in tx! My kid's first word will be A HREF. #Rocslogan Henrietta has a town conservation board? That is more suprising than the mighty taco they approved. And I never hit you up, I ask domo before you now. Agree! RT : I like when defensive football is not 'bad' football. Google docs is the bizness! Google, knows me too well... I'm on the other campus in the library. You only live once, so take advantage of what you got when you have it and live with no regrets. I love the dinging of the real, physical clock bells in the entryway at AAS. Thanks ! and I are standing by to give you a personal tour. ' owners' newborn has already been swimming! HIRING: Great opportunity for front-end developers (.Net, Visual Studio, C#) that have serious skills and motivation. Philly area. Ping me. Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday. Hot day outside with water fun and relaxing with #kids- roast in the #crockpot and loving life! awe u bum. have fun at practice. Look out for me on South Park this Wednesday, March 28 at 10 PM on Comedy Central!!! Aaron Craft is an amazing player! I hope he can just put that game aside him and focus on the future. He's definitely one of the best! haha. . . Im finna get off twitter. Be good, dont shoot nobody ! The boot Friday that looks great! lol... yall gonna make me blush Dwight D. Eisenhower In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. Manning Marable's new Malcolm X bio says X gave Alex Haley a photo of Malcolm & Billie Holiday together during Malcolm's "Detroit Red" days. what u been up to? thx. will check your site out. thank u sir... “: fan of your work homie” The lifeblood of our business is that R&D spend. ~Steve Ballmer #Apple <High value for #research! And considering i did not train for it. “: Bout to clock in with " YES SIR! Congrats to Hum. Council Advisory Board member Tom Ross on his inauguration today as president of the 17-campus UNC system. Up early to work on school related powerpoint. Need caffeine. Fighting w/ Selkie-cat for use of the keyboard. Happy Birthday! Haha you went to the same family but I'm rite herw Changing your name to Metta World Peace: what you do when you want to make a regrettable decision but your body's too full of tattoos. #nf ... Shout out please did they play a clip? I'm taking a go at writing. Maybe a script, or a book... so far I have 3 pages of thoughts and 1 scene for a screenplay. OK, that's it. I have to meet you. STAT. I take Rondo by a slim margin Great Work today he had 4 segments on from the WHCD Lindsey Lohan, POTUS, Martha Stewart and Rick Santorum Perhaps today I will manage to get a few more pictures hung, before the schedule overtakes me. The awkward moment of silence??? Had an awesome week so far RT Duh! MNY w Amy Rabin in Miami Beach! RT Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat I don't think you NEED one, but I just think it'd be cute : Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 8 what the fuck u think I'm trying to do lol Just posted new painting "Rose Baby" on Facebook and www.peggyguichu.com Ah! Twitter change only three more weeks, right? Thanks! Look forward to learning more. you and zayn look too cute! haha Just stopped home before the show. Heard a "Let's Go Pens" chant coming from the school bus dropping off the neighbor kid. Some good Seattle tweeps for #FF: , , , , bout to play Madden '09 wit my son. RT : Q3) What are YOU doing to prepare for changes in your own role - e.g. new skills? On the 2-1 goal I shouted so strongly and loudly that my dog started shaking....oops! #FF Publishing Peeps Why do I always feel so R-Rated? your welcome. if you need someone im here Startup on their complex color matching app for beauty and home: "our app doesn't discriminate" I hate waiting.... Pretty sure it was in MS Word based on the clipart. No I'm not, me and my friends just get real bored... .-. hahahaha Getting Ready to Buy Tickets for Coachella @ 10am! Anyone Else Going This Year? come on out then! It's free for goodness sakes! what'd you get? I thought Redbones to be much like Famous Daves. Really enjoyed SmokeShack, not perfect but very good. I did (only a little crazy).. lives here in Boston same with my school! Everyone is so disrespectful !! If you really didn't care then you wouldn't respond. Hence disproving your point. "That's stupid" now that's a response. Joseph Morgan: But there is always going to be this connection between Elena and Stefan. So maybe eventually, that will win. #Stelena <U+2661> CAN YOU GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT TO PROVE TO MY FRIEND WE FUCKED LAST NIGHT??? RT : Don't be sad when u r far apart from someone u love, remind yourself how lucky u r to have someone so special to miss. People constantly use me for my notebook paper. Do I look like Office Max? So, if you want two rad, readable pages on Beethoven's advancing of sonata form, check out Solomon, 254-5! - DvL Actually, i love skittles. So id love too (: Snowshoeing at Beaver Creek today! Yayy! I'm seriously disappointed. I will find some food/drink to steal. It is great to see your face. Miss you. Are you somewhere fabulous, exotic and sunny? It is raining here today. Commission public input hearing starts in San Jose. If it ain't your spit game, it's your dick game. Just bought 8 bottles of some AMAZING Zin at Bev Mo. Buy one bottle get another for 5 freak'in cents!!!! Tipping slow I'm in the mode, if u don't like it then pardon me, what u kno the 4 on me, better bring u a whole army yeah, but thanks for disagreeing. Could've made me feel better. I'm not though Nothing like an ignorant person telling another person they're ignorant, lol. im sorry do i know you?. stop blaming other writers......you opened the can of worms re: #Pacman. I guess it was the bad writing.... it's been a FANTASTIC day. how about you?! Author Trivia: did you know that our own Susan Madden Lankford has 2 French donkeys named Andre and Jacque-Pierre? "You have choices and you have consequences." though not tomorrow I gotta be somewhere at 10:30 Had a Norton that went 100+ in 11 sec. I miss my litlle sister : ( Why did you have to buy a HUD house? On hold now, trying to get you some answers! Can the Mavs beat the Heat in Miami tonight? We should have probably shipped them some Chicken and Wafles.... is SolStarMusic's AngelSweetSwaqqin funky raw singer/songwriter guitarist gurrrrrl [: Doesnt get much whiter than that RT I learned the lyrics to Danny Boy today. I remember everything about you, you're the one who wasn't paying attention... I'm fr fr scared .. this guy is creeping me tf out ! He keeps tryna 2 act like he's lookn @ somethn else and steady catching glances at me haha wow. Well why don't you go make food? But is it at least good candy? Ha Leading Dutch Cancer Center Publishes Data Showing Improved Survival Rates for Elderly Lung Cancer Patients Using ... the only way I'd know is mailing it to each other. :O We could try that out? I'd appreciate it of you did buy it. Galaxy Trucker, Dominion, Carcassonne, Lost Cities, Small World, Notre Dame. I love co-ops for us to: Pandemic, Ghost Stories And shout it to Christina for not over singing! Going out to the promenade to street perform with this portable amp. People either laugh or grab their family close This time last week, UK fans were living their dream. Agree completely. They should have never split them up, IMO. Monday, you are brutal and I'm going to spit in your eye. Where's your belief? Lol! I've got a trigger finger, so you better not flinch, J-C! West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor - Baltimore Sun I say it's like YEEEEAAAAA everytime I pick a check up! you will be here this weekend #Gizzi predicts next pres nom. from R side will be on the ballot not because it's their turn but rather it's their agenda. Did your lottery dreams go up in smoke? Then join "Law of Attraction" author at Peets Coffee in Denver's CCN this morning. lol im prob not going to bed till twelve ...im such a procrastinator “: RT if you wish that cancer would get cancer and die.” We're not alone RT : BREAKING: Metro has approved a fare hike that will start July 1. Story to come. C'mon now...too many misses! Not impressive when u try 8 times Your dumb! Is this better? Thanks for the follows! and and and and ! Have a great day! Yeah. Pool running would be perfect! Keep same cadence as running and heart rate should match. So hungry D: She all on my Instagram. olee This tea is yummy Welcome to Twitter. How's NC? Studio life! One or two or even three socks, doesn't matter bc you both ROCK! :) Tupac's hologram already has a twitter account! Wow people you are fast. Cudos to you for lending a hand to another fellow start up. That's the spirit of SM I didn't have shit last year around this time #ThingsIwantTheMost is to summer to get here faster so I can spend it with my family and friends <U+E415> only 6 more days<U+E40A> knowledege is good, but a vast difference stands between "knowledge (having the facts) and "wisdom" (applying those facts to life) - Not repeating the mistakes of 'wise' men of the past that brought a physical presence to the world and failed miserably. I love B day mornings. Drumline first period, SRT second, team sports third. loving the basketball quotes! Heat down 10 that quick In relationships you're gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.”” Hey!!!! how the band coming? love your captain America bat!! When ate u gonna use it again?? You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say f*&k it?!? And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down! “: I suffer from extreme work-A-holism. Wow..there ya go..people I admitted it! Phew!” My name is Amber & I'm a work-a-holic, LOL! Yep, I'm also seeing third party sites that provide cover images - reminds me of myspace backgrounds/themes. Harry Potter likes Tragedy Called Truth....YOU SHOULD TOO....Join us....tragedycalledtruth.com Yes, time to get this state moving forward. RT : Mindfulness Rituals: 9 For Making Your Day Better - Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics - by Eric Allen Bell -... #WhatHurtsTheMost is when you are barefoot and step on a Lego brick. It's hella hot in wyoming this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley #WickedCarnival is gonna be major one day soon! search it on facebook for a closer look If it falls brand new stove on me. Walla what I don't understand is what's happening with Cameron and the horse thing. Two Door Cinema Club. Unknown~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must. ": I ask you again Mr. Maloney--do you support the termination of Frank Spaziani? #FireSpaz #PLEASEANSWERME #BCEagles" God morning! on 75 u miss me I'm enjoying all the color and pagentry.. of commercials!~ good thing this has limited interruptions WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LYFEEEEE ~ I'm texting Ben :) The Pneumatic Diner rocks! Oh, we all have a little hot mess in us. Today is just your day to shine! :-P Arik Cannon vs. Erick Stevens is up next. it's just an insight that occurred to me while showering earlier tonight. LOL Hm, and why?? Do ur arms have dandruff?? Tell me whats going on and I will tell u what to do pretty girl!!! I don't think I can pull off the skirt #oghd #seattle is off to a bright and early start at ! bring to your #campus #college #university -DM us!She has been the featured #speaker @ #event + #conference programs this year! We gave away a ton of Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshakes yesterday! If you've had one, what do you think? #IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same way i feel about you iight ill play with you whatever you can play So is Tebow "Tebowing" at this very second? "To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can." - Arthur Ashe cool me and Sena are definitely gonna drive down there #Brewers, Marcum needs to get out and put Hawkins in My Fazolis days are coming to an end. pumped to get on stage tonight @ Church with + Richard James. Loadn out now. Free show If he only knew what he could make me do... Smh.. I know! If you're grown, you shouldn't be sneezing into the air. I taught this to my daughter when she was two. COVER, nasty dude at the gym! Back to the library. Dear lord yes that's me. from like 1982 or so. my best Halloween costume ever. it's faded because it's old. not some neat effect! ha ha are you on Draw Something? crossed the george wash. Bridge for free..1st time ever getting in the city for free except for when I was born... Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win This game is getting good (finally). Turn on the Heat v. Pacers game if you're not watching. Marv Albert & Kerr on the call. #Libya #Tripoli #MermaidDawn When #Gaddafi said he would fight to the end, he meant fight from within.......the ground. Pullin 8am - 2am's DAILY. Get work do work get paid do fun LIFE'S GOOD Had our 1st qtr wrap up meeting today. Amazing!!! So proud of the 1000 H2S team members. Looking forward to BIG things to come very soon. I love the watchlist feature on your site! But <U+2713> vs X not enough to tell if it's added already or not when looking at a film page. Todd said he would provide dates tomorrow. cc Too many fucking rabbits. Jorden Garrison's two out double to center scores Kelsey Jacobson and gives Monticello a 2-1 lead over Juda-Albany good for you! A good cause! Thanks for the RT ! Personally, I think, this whole time- Rabbi Jose had it right. I don't recall Lebanon McD's being special; but at that point I was jonesing for some American-style food. Ugh. Third #fridayreads in a row of Middlemarch. Slow, slow days on the grange. I prefer Facebook, but I am going to give Twitter a try. Because I only tweet about it after midnight. It's not good yet. Yet. hey girl!!! Final score mob 163 rats 130 can come to america and sing acoustic Who You Are to me. I would love her even more.... Bring along... Thanks for letting us hang around tonight, ! Loved the ideas and excited for the semester! Academics may be the last truth tellers says I can count on one hand the number of people I know who care that the NBA cancelled more games. and Thanks for following. Happy tweeting! big congrats to and for submitting the UWO mobile app to Apple and Android! can't wait to download it! Sapp's average monthly income is $115,881.00 #HolyHell and he can't live within his means?? sheesh Any sane person would've done the same thing. Thanks and for following! Juggling real work while maintaining dominance on the #MarcusThomas75 tag -- seriously tho, this shindig is shaping up. Kudos MT party crew. Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex Yes, you will be back. Rest up, heal, and God bless. ALEC supports laws that target minority voters and sponsors laws similar to AZ 1070. Glad that Coke bailed on them. Wrestlers are the toughest. The hardest thing to do in sports is to hit a round ball with a round bat You're welcome, and we'll take a look! Once again, the world is a flood with bad writing. Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! text me I'm sorry but Blake bout to get Beat Up tonight! I don't listen to that crap bud... But I still love you... Hm- how far away from Beachwood are you? If you're not coming to the wine tasting tomorrow, come to Amerigo at around 8:30 for some fine afterparty fellowshipping, Booze Camp style. I wished they would show how many people are really losing there homes and apartments. #RT Check out website for the lasted news and his RestLyss Style Magazine interview...find out what Shameiks up to.. Happiness. You can't pay for that. hey there - I sent a friend your way for your account manager gig. Hope it's a fit. And that ur having fun! I Will keep you posted. Not sure if it's at 9 or 10. is your phone dead?? Call me She ain't real this all happened cuz of some unnecessary subtweets. smh. And somewhere in West Virginia a trailer will go without a mortgage payment this month. Fred Dylla (AIP) discussing attribution of funding organizations, through CrossRef called FundRef #WaysToMakeMeHappy .... buy me Chili Pepper Tickets.. anyone ? *Wanted* Assistant Art Director - A Games Developer - for more info contact .uk Steak covered in bacon? #Protein! RT : Q10. My favorite meal is ________ covered in ______ no intentions of doing anything except watching movies & laying in bed Not me asking them. They asked me! Going 2b 85 today. So nice 2 get out & explore Old Sac. Get some Ice Cream here or check out just posted chapter 2(: it is! Schindler: Start w/ human problem and solve w/ technology rather than build tech first. #laskysymp / Maybe,but R&D inspires solutions. I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account b/c of iCloud and iMatch - look for your booklets Not yet but that is an excellent idea! I will send link shortly. Thanks, Liz. man man man so sad !! Congrats to for their spot on Warped Tour in Cincinnati! Come hang with us August 2! I agree i miss ya girly i just got back today from new orleans Ok cant wait! i only remember i think it started with a W or M i wish i knew it was her though i wish i new man that sucks i must remeber I am vending my art on 3/24/12 at the first of 2012 I'm going to send you a few e-mails to check out I will mf! oh you guys made me cry! Congrates!! Copying has become a National Disease... what makes you an original? These girls ballin'!!!! You rollin' with us tonight? Met with the lovely folks from Of note: Patsy Cline's house, over 200 wineries, & ponies AND rocket launches on Chincoteague! Opposition arguing that they will not be competitive with county. I bet the county raises theirs next year after the election. Thank you EVERYONE for playing tonight and please dont forget every Sunday we will be giving away $25 and sample products! Waiting 4 results thanks! talk to you soon sweet! glad you like it :) Guys, I almost just died. A huge ass spider tried to murder me... <U+0001F633> In West Philadelphia Born And Raised On The Playground Is Where I Spent Most Of My Days- YSL Race in Beaver Creek tomorrow- come see the young Alpine Team tear it up! Man... tiredness is setting in now. I feel like going home and dreaming about a Panthers Cup win in 2013. while Pittsburgh may not offer an ideal climate year round, at least we don't have to worry about Irene mane g-thang cut my hair, i needa refer some of these, "Dope selling" niggas to my dog, 20$ and 10 minutes of his time, dats all going to see the Avengers in one hour and 36 minutes. Too serious of a conversion to be having while chatting on skype and looking at each other but not talking... Dont like that one you have written 3rd and 4the harmony parts to all nick and sa harmonies :) CA DMV surprised me with their efficiency. If you make appointments you can skip so many lines. Ah! The 20 degree wind just totally gave me the cold shoulder! So rude.. Yes, I'm fine. I'm staying busy with my business. Do you have a business, or a job? Just finalized the arrangements for a show on April 26! I'll announce the venue, time and other details tomorrow! I learned alot !! Jesus loves me and stuff! Thanks for tuning in, jkkeller! Best part of a killer workout is the pain you feel the next day... The worst part of a killer workout is the pain you feel next day. Central Union Mission is the city's oldest non-profit providing these types of shelter services to the homeless. Truth! RT Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up ~ T. Edison He's coming to my library systems music and book festival! Can't wait!!! Biggest feat today was not crying at the gym when #bones had the baby. let's discuss. Wish I had Esperanza tixs for tonight! So far the burgers are going good didn't he make an excellent choice CC lol What i need to stress foe i must of forgot who i am n what i can do : Please read my Twitter bio - I think we were meant to be friends... im at school, english lesson <U+2665> You can't just jump on stage and play with Wonderful! We sent you a Direct Message! In need of budness. you the man lol I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends. Dont what to do at this point........but i guess its my fault so..... Jareds coming over to watch pbr with me :) hell ya Hanging out with <3 I wish we had Fernando to play 1D!!! My bet is that the UT editorial today, and responses will result in plenty of Dem votes (like mine) for him jammin' some metro station Don't try your heart out for someone if there not willing to do the same. Good job Mia! Keep me posted. How are all of my Duganites doing??? Steve Novak is the reincarnation of Dan Majerle Why did this pregnant chick bought some cigarettes? only White people. 'It is the sign of the times with more kids skateboarding than playing little league baseball today.' -Tony Hawk went from MySpace to all the way to the billboards POW Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hooray you figured the microphone out. When do we get the mandatory #FridayFacts makeup? Woking FC playing Arsenal FC's 3rd team tonight. Not sure about rumours that Fabregas and Gervinho putting in an appearance join me on twitter I do use mine as an e-reader, and I love it. In fact, I never use my Kindle anymore. Thanks. Got too excited and tweeted early. :) When somebody kills you on ya own track. <---- This dude just did. S/O to my man Channel. Hello Jacoby Jones. Goodbye David Reed. My family is my school of duties founded on love. Enjoying my day w/ my inspirational & beautiful sis I never enjoy my days off, cause I'm usually the man-bitch at home, just like at work, except I don't get paid... Hey if you want me to follow you you have to follow me first tweets got me weak right now! Lmao Noel, Archie Goodwin and Alex Poythress on Espnu right now. YOUNG MANTRA IN DA BUILDING Getting buy-in is essential for any library project Too much king cake, valentines day chocolates, and other junk got ya feeling weighed down?Mardi Gras special 25% off detox services all week good morning birthday Sis! Great "creator" idea: design animal w/ talking fingernails. Or better yet: the "nails" are parasites. Now THAT'S a symbiotic relationship. The Kid's dance class has every shade of blackness--including white. Holy whistles I should've kissed you. Automatically thought of the boys.(: Make sure to come out this Thursday at 6:00 for our opening of Totally Cool Totally Art's teen art exhibition! TOP OF THE LINE ENTERTAINMENT I'm pretty sure I'm sick Seeing all these people getting their cap and gowns really freaks me out. Only 3 years left only my I-F yearbook.... Everything is safe a dry can i move out of ohio yet or? My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack! i seem to like dudes named marcus this the 4th one in a row. #OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Good for you and the environment! So pumped!! My favorite dj and club!! I wonder if we can get #FollowMeRobert trending lol Enjoying cake. :) with and U have changed so much... idk who u r anymore almost summer blues hahaha. love you too!:) Concentration and Focus..God knows we put it in the wrong places when you say stuff like that it doesn't help me. UR 2 Funny! That kid was annoying, now go hunt down Mom:) Chilly, raining night in Denver. Perfect for snuggling in and reading a good book. Just curious what you are currently reading... that's so funny ! Lmao tell him it got approved (: Hi, everyone. Hope it has been a good week for you all. My kingdom for a chair . . . Anyone lookin to do something? Once again the only black dude in the room At depauw, college visit. To my team mates I love yal and we had a good no regrets to any of it. Love yal! Thank you kind sir. "Some people strip, some people write." Just started...she was hired one week prior to the school year starting so very little time to prep. Hoping it will get easier. #BEATLA - Giants ready to beat up Dodgers. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout Are you going to say goodbye? I really don't want to hear it. RT "Helicopters circling uptown #charlotte"?? news cameras, my guess; can see BOA protestors clogging 5th & College LIFES A FREAKY BITCH, SHE'L EAT U ALIVE!! Fack!!! Down to one table how can an ER be overstaffed lol. I heard youre talking shit again, im gonna sleep with all your friends. gettin plans right for tmrw....because.......i need to take advantage of time away....... sent and received 9000 texts this month. lol Has your account been hacked? This seems to take you to a fake Twitter page asking you to log in. cool, i think we're gonna go shoe shopping so we wont bug you too long. no picture yet, the leaves are about right though. damn I'm gonna buy my ticket for today, today lol So... Can we get some motorcycle parking at the new building? We'll bring you some bikes, with people on them. :-). I didn't text you yet RT Tha t text was EVERYTHING!!!!! <U+0001F493><U+0001F493> I can't stand her but damn I love her. sippin on my double chocolate chip frap! Thanks Mum Xx Very exciting. Sad to miss the meeting. #DoctorWho returns tomorrow at 7.10pm! oh my gosh I can hardly wait hey people please follow me please u took me on knowing what I could turn into and had faith in me from first meeting u are a blessing Ah... day two on the YNN Rochester assignment desk, down Never have I ever met someone so pathetic as you RT : "If Britney Spears can make it through 2007 I can make it through this class"-me every time in Math class <U+0001F612> You gotta have a sense of humor. Without one life would suck. It's official: I'm moving to Hong Kong or New York after my holidays in a week. Adios London, hello...?? Let the adventure begin.... Craving a midnight snack! UGH! What do you crave in the middle of the night? It's kind of hard for me to feel bad that the #Grizzlies lost seeing as how they played so poorly on their own home court. On the school buss, to tired for this shyt. < the weather is really not that bad but the capability of the city to respond is not what I am used to elsewhere It is too late to call back yesterday. <U+6628><U+65E5><U+3092><U+547C><U+3073><U+623B><U+305D><U+3046><U+3068><U+3057><U+3066><U+3082><U+9045><U+3059><U+304E><U+308B> More glam, less pay. RT : "guest tweeting", probably more glamorous than "tweet sitting?" Your love is like a red, red...Mai Tai? Not really, but last evening to send us a poetic tweet for a chance to win a $50 gift cert. lunch is for the lazy Riley's pahooutee? Are all these mentions of Romney's current underdog status to Obama going to boost his favorability? For anyone in the fitness industry looking for a fantastic social media consultant follow for great tips! She is awesome! Feeling very inspired to make a subject 'trend' on Twitter. Anybody want to join forces and get on the Twitter homepage? Nice to meet you too. Tis a great day in our fair area of the country.... HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th. Get calendars ready..more info to come! Free food & drinks. You realize you are giving links to the spammers in your blog posts. It's the best PR they can get. Hope you nofollow them Should you expect the right to privacy or is that an and out dated concept? too much to list! NEW SONG COMING TOMORROW!!! Happy Birthday to a great American and grill master, And we're back! Thanks to our hosting company, Host Gator, for their quick response! Go check out those weekend picks now... :) Man, Nicki Minaj is everything wrong with music. Absolutely awful in every way. Politics is no exact science. Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Please clarify your position and hold Limbaugh accountable. Dear bring back the old Field Chopped Chicken Salad. Show me the power of social media! Okay. Okay. All hail me. my life is really improving now that my phone's wallpaper photo is samuel beckett wearing shorts Omg i'm apart of the f**king TeenNavy !!! #Winning ;) Latest album from my youth that I am now repeatedly listening to whenever I drive somewhere in my car: Depeche Mode's 'Black Celebration.' & The Money Hustla Music Squad invited? Check out "Waisted" for the ladies RT : There is no end, there is only a constant and brand new beginning! Why is MTV2 showing that shitty Kristen Bell movie 'Pulse' at three in the morning? Don't you have something better to play, like music? You broke through of my confusion, the ups and the downs and still didn't leave. I guess that you saw what nobody could see. You found me. Enjoyed the backpacking trip to Colorado. true true. Bean head ass Always a pleasure! ": Restaurant week! & put some deliciousness in my belly!" lol! Good luck... Go Rebels ! Tough for the refs not to call that one on Foligno, but probably shouldn't have been a penalty. #MyBiggestFlaw is that I cannot control my anger. . Thanks, G-man! Left work early due to my gimpy wrist. Ice and ibuprofen aren't helping. just downloaded it thanks man. My loan was approved (: then my sister took me shopping :) You ain't got nobody that can work like me! RT : I'LL WRAP YA HEAD IN WITH A FUCKIN RATCHET Yall hve to visit me “: we gonna be up in Philly !!” what's the word? And #JMC335 is finished. Well, sans the final projects I have to grade. It was a wonderful and educational experience. Life changing XFACTOR go chris, melanie, josh awesome Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +10 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT RT : Yul #Kwon #survivor cook island winner, joins us to talk about his new adventure on Tweet ur questions now happy to have live here for #Reidandfiorentino golf classic. doing some work on that, specifically ref. to Latino/a evangelicals/Catholic differences-breaks down on generational lines. A 49 year old man attempted to rob a New York bank with a....plunger. Something tells me he's about 3 fries short of a happy meal.... Jeff Van Gundy stinks, get him off ESPN please! I love getting texts from that certain someone :) smiles of course!! What should we call our new All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Specials on Mondays? It's gotta have that #ATX flair... :) Im coming thru. Is it wrong to laugh at something horrible? Even though you can't help it. Seems so cartoonish it's hilarious please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 55 Someone hand me the remote so I could rewind time Sometimes when things appear to be falling apart, they are really falling in to place. <U+2665> k. Done Rep that #SWAG! Practiced the art of karaoke with scary as fuck Headed out for Galactic Double Daisy Cutter & Mikkeller Black Hole Barrel Aged Red Wine RT : haha to study abroad! :p Our new office manager Andrew is awesome! Storage closet clean and home-brewed beer for today's Brewnanza! Idc how pissed off I am, I'm not throwing my phone. Shit, throw the nearest midget. I mean, little person. Heard that a handful of blueberries is the new apple a day ! Today was crazy. And it isn't even over yet. You are so correct, With God all thing are possible. With God for you who coud stand against you? RT The Beasties totally mangled everyone's expectations of them. They grew up. And they didn't. And both ways it was cool. :) We miss you yes I need to get back to I think they forgot what I look like Glad that I didn't have to wait four years to work in my field... BLESSED. I'm tired. Very tired. so happy it is christmas break.....no school for 2 weeks Starships from nicki minaj reminds me of high school dances. no no no - It's not in ours it is from Thompson learning (2005) - indeed Ack! Im gonna get a shirt that says that... :) SAME OL DIFFERENT TOILET..HOWS THE MUSIC COMING? Fine. I didn't want to use the internet today anyway. haha sure do. :) be-a-utiful. Stop favoriting my tweets If you tweet me a goodnight tweet, I would be in heaven!! <3 This convo reminds of my pres last sem on design & ed; drew comparison bet. assembly (sg daily school assembly) & assemblage When asked how often do you update your Facebook, Linkedin status, or tweet? Most accountaints say almost never! NO! cc' last day in Africa! Visited elephant orphanage n am going to "adopt" (sponsor) one! :) pics soon Getting ready to eat lunch with my honey! Yes I am sickening! Reading ya'll tweets while I'm on hair & makeup!! What about ya?! RT What are you doing right now? 36 <U+2764> weird 7 hour work-days :O Bad weather for #StPete 2morrow means a good day to visit a #museum or #art gallery Listening to 70 yr old podcast causes a different sort of panic of prophesy. That awkward moment when you just know that 's next #OVEREXPOSED2011 vid is gonna be bitchin about "That awkward moment when" yes benzly I do agree.. if it hasnt been for the lord we wouldnt be thanking . him for life. I had a LONG day at work of training & all I can say is I THINK I know what I'm doin now lol Whats up from Orlando! Thanks for sponsoring great music! Going To Go Get My Eye Brows Done <U+263A> Daily GTKY question: Would you rather take pictures or be in pictures? I'm totes #teamPhillip ;) Should be a great battle! I felt like I had no other options, I really wish things didn't have to be this way but its for the best. For everyone Dwyane Wade is the best player in the NBA - Jeremy Lin Lindsay Lohan scares me... IF UR IN LA and follow come to the Dodgers game Monday NIGHT! Tix still available online...dodgers.com - She'll be hanging! How 'bout celebrating teacher appreciation week by hiring some of us back? Tip: Avoid bargain headshots. At $250 for 3 looks done in 1 to 2 hours, the shots will NOT be amazing OR creative! U get what u pay for. Epilepsy Update is going well. Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy! A lot to do after school, but number one on the list is to see my dad :) glad he's starting to get better ugh, I really have no idea what you're saying at all. Sorry was amazing. Plenty of great discussions regarding Drupal setup and automation with Patterns, Context/Spaces, Deployment, etc. Nothing like a brief escape into Dark Side of the Moon for 31 glorious minutes to make it all OK. 2012, meet 1973. It was better than you We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security Professional from a licensed established security company. Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood & our partnerships! He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama! RT MT "United Way has always defined itself by $ raised. Let's start to define now by how great our impact is" - Nat CEO RT : Looks like rain again....... c'mon nice weather - show yourself - Looks like more snow, that's even worse! #LetsGoHeat let's get another 30 point lead hey alex (; good morning!! I hope you have a good day(: love you alex, please dm or reply to me!? <3 beware telegraph nan-n-curry umbrella bucket -- 2 umbrellas went in before lunch & both wr gone afterwards! wet walk back 4 me & lunchmate whoop their ass, seabass! {RT Someone mirrored a client site & is stealing traffic. wrong person to piss off 2day I need suggestions of fun places to work... I'm expanding my search! Hell ya!! is going to be in #Indy for the ! how was I NOT following you?! Good grief. really, it's pathetic to make any argument for foie aside from "it's tasty & I want to eat it." just be honest, folks. Not sure, EP. 21 right? So maybe in three weeks. This bitch dun irritated me down to my mufuccin soul and I'm bout to punch. Women are emotional. Be prepared and understanding. Her emotions surprise even her mother. the networks generally suck lol go for it bro. I'm going for the girl I want to.. Just I shouldn't have waited so long. ok. Fine then. Then why even mention Breitbart? It is irrelevant o this person. this week will rock so 2 ppl followed me on twitter and they dont exist? thats just creepy We worked with Cathy Nelson on some TAH grants. She's retired from Cols City Schools. do you know how beautiful you are? I WILL NOT LEAVE CAMPUS UNTIL THESE PAPERS ARE DONE!! she is cute! I love her personality. She makes a great spokesperson! #DidYouKnow "Approx 50% of the US's unemployd age 16-21 R functional illiterate, w/ virtually no prospects of obtaining good jobs." Good morning guys! Hope everyone has a wonderful day. Be safe! You are only days away from possessing all three things, too! <U+2600> 2k has Miami falling to 5th place in standings without Bosh Markets have been improving, but unemployment's up. Do you think the economy is improving? Call and share your thoughts: 317-736-0950 Check My War Wounds hey Paula India is going amazing ! Can u tweet out watch on the IPL launch tonight 7 pm India RT Off to exercise, missed some this morning. Will be back to check on you all. Pretty sure the entire Gulf of Mexico has taken up residence in my hair. gas weed wacker? anyone? it's needed for our clean up on Monday 7/18 people actually watch golf? Shooting an OH wedding today, at Skyland CC. Early congrats to Ashley & Zak, my rockin Las Vegas couple! You took the words right outta my brains Somebody point me to the best ass eater. Ha, ha. Sorry, popped into my mind & couldn't resist. Artistic immortality in plastic. Hmm, I wonder what the resin life span is? Lmao my mom just said "leggo" instead of saying "let's go" <U+0001F604> LMAO! you ma ma ma make me happy Don't tell that to Felger & RT : Pierce goes from hobbling to "dunking on people's heads..." faster than anybody. David Tulloch recently bought a lottery ticket at a Shell FoodMart in Silver City—a ticket worth $515,000. He plans to invest the money. Anyone hear about the shootings in chardon high school in Ohio 2 kids died 3 r injured! It's soo sad RT if u want bullying to STOP!! how's that workin out for ya? I hate children. "May the shwartz be with ya." your lips are sexy, beautiful and all in all, 100% real :-D Ugh my friend is making me hate black people more and more ever fucking day bc of what he doses MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be It has been a while , this is one of the busiest months , so many thing to do so little time , I wish they were more hours in a day . you wen't to the pomona show and didn't say hi ?! I don't love you. I loved the person I thought you were. Woo! I can't wait for that day to come! ::gets excited:: XD you are rocking so hard! Thrilled to hear the good news. Congrats! nu uh. Booze and Fried Food are amazing. Glee is sad and the like. What fun. I think Rick Kranitz said "I know" about a dozen times to Wolf there. One of those nights. Thanks. Dick Gordon is as easy to talk to as he seems. No problem. I ended up ordering a 13.3" Vaio SA upgraded to the i7. The XPS 15z was too big and didn't like the 14z's feel. FLOW ME IN THERE TOO! I FOLLOW BACK! thanks for tweeting my link. :-) Watching the fight with my Panamanian brothers. if we go now I'll unblock you and be nice again. otherwise fuck yourself #RT if you had to sing a #WhitneyHouston song at a graduation ceremony I know what I want and I will not settle for anything less. RT : I think that when obama FULLT evolves on the gay issue, he and Joe Biden will get married//hahaha Good Morning Warriors and Friends!!!!!!!!!! how are you today Hanging out with my bestfriend<3:D It could be sunny so you could eat on the patio... But still, pretty sweet place to wake up. “: Nike Cross Nationals is streaming LIVE! Watch here: t.co/9iDdbTIj" Nike not against ALL live streaming Love my #SocialMedia fam! Great seeing & meeting u all tonight! cont'd that's a badass idea. Let's do it. What city? o_O RT It's sad that people really pay money to have more followers. well i think I would rather not hear about them. Seeing as though we will be living there next semester. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!<3 Just read that the iphone5 is going to be build using liquid metal... how great is that for phonecalls? So who is still in B-Town? B/t that article, "think like a man" and all the REST of the shit, I'm w/ "That's the shit I don't like"! hahahah i am :) Now each candidate gets to ask every other candidate a question. Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. RT : Related: we will be talking about social media ice breakers such as in tonight's #shehechat at 8pm CST. Join us! What's yo email bubba , I'm bout to send the song ! #Monday forecast Mostly sunny & near record heat. High 88 We offer all types of residential shredding services. Haha! RT : . knows how to throw a SWANK movie marathon, that's for sure! #Clippers dominating the #Thunder in the second half. Outscoring them 44-25 since halftime yes it's possible with a light saber, anything is possible with a light saber Nice to see The U win tonight I know all about smoking is dangerous to people but this cigar is so soothing & relaxing. haha he will! just keep asking(: I like that show LOL I've been tweeting from this dudes phone for an hour now. I asked him if it was cool & he said "FUUUUCK YEA BRO!" lmao he still high tho Thanks for the RT :) Hope you are having a fabulicious Tuesday! Had a great dinner at John Q's Steakhouse tonight with my Dine Out group. Up early! I'm at to talk about disaster preparedness in the wake of recent deadly tornadoes. Sorry I missed this earlier. Were you able to match up with a group today? Special guest DJ will kick things off tonight! $2 PBRs, $4 stolis, $4 sailor jerry, $6 mini martinis, spooky punk r'n'r!!! I know, I know, I know ! And like, yeah I love him. Not happy... RT : Dude. is bringing me a milkshake. LIke, to my door. Just 'cause. (wow, thats service) love that! Wishing you lots of happiness! Does working out help u with that? where else do you think I get creative ideas from?!? Jon, was Scioscia fired? gotcha thanks, I'm gonna subscribe like, right now. Could always use the extra motivation! At Mcdonalds for a meetin with a friend, looking forward to hearing what God is doing in his life! RT The Hulk is GREEN from a potent, accidental dose of Gamma Rays. Actually, he would have died within weeks from organ failure. The #Steelers are smiling from ear to ear. They couldn't stop Suggs last year. Now they won't have to Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didn’t include cuts to so many valuable programs. MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY! 40% off all lotions, and receive a free tan!! Don't miss out! RT : You won’t want to miss this years Michigan Recycling Coalition annual conference in Grand Rapids. Check it out:... Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait! I don't wanna break your heart. I wanna give your heart a break. <3 Shitty best day ever JR u comin back to the Knicks next yr? Think u could be an influential piece to a Knicks championship team! #HERESTOLALL Graduation Speech: I'd like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia, Microsoft Word, and Copy & Paste.... I sat outside my front window, this story's going nowhere, he's well hung up and I am hanging on Maybe her Mother's Day wish is for a little alone time. Who are we to judge? Who would be a good person to connect with on the C+M talent management team? RT : Taco shell made out of a Dorito? Come on people, get it together. You don't see us playing shows with sticks made of... Making loveless version of Kaito. follow back plz? June 3rd to the 8th or so Good to see! where the hell u been Courtz yup u got that right.lol Ok Ok I'm so tired that I put the remote to my ear like a telephone. Mind stimulation is where it's at. Falling in love is like jumping off a really tall building: your brain tells you its not a good idea,but your heart tells you,you can fly. Thanks for the follow! Great pic of you and Schulman! #sacscoc End of general session. Ha ha! Id venture to say more famous for being Raisin Capital Del Mundo, but w/e works ;) I kicked some major ASS at my third callback audition today for a low budget film! Let's see what happens! :) Tom Coburn on The Daily Show, flogging his new book, emitting merde from his mouth. If you have responded to a CTK post Thanks!!! We love the interaction. :-) That would be great. He can even take his coffee with him. We got other good ones in town. Got a foul ball, joint effort stopped it & I grabbed it ahahahahaaa <U+26BE> Bedtime with peanut and kiwi <U+263A><U+0001F4A4> Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!!! I dont think they did...they're being mean now :( I've like messaged them 300 time :P why are u sad Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson Swing by the booth at the Grand Tasting for amazing mole! /bit.ly/Ia9uA0 ' Aw it's okay lol. if you ever come to a damn show I will hahaha No profit, greed, or gods. Take a moment this May Day to recognize workers, and celebrate the formidable power of the people. "oh your the girl that came in late with the fishtail braid and smelled like weed right?" uh yeah that was me. first impressions ahaha Wait. What are you saying? GOODNIGHT MOON? That PB terrifies me. Have you not see LIFE AS WE KNEW IT? (wink). Indiana Wheat Acres Are Down, But Right On Schedule. I love that he attempted to use the same "font" haha I have 1 more copy of EA's Tetris to give away for the iPhone. Tomorrow I'll have a few other codes, so stay tuned! 1st to want it gets it. Coachella I love you but you kicked my ass this year.. This yearly tradition will no longer involve camping He who lives as my king, once died to be my savior. from a Clipper fan. You played good when you where on the floor, keep it up! It was a great series. you made a fan out of me being Mexican means cousins in every city gr8ful for the fam happy easter to great for planning out some tweets about events etc . not a replacement for engaging in convo said If we want empowered, thoughtful students, they must be in the company of teachers who are empowered. Thank you! que Tim tebow a Dallas!!! Omg my mom is on facebook and shes so crayz about it and she has not sed nothing and she wants me to tell her wat to say-LOL:) #inmiddleSchool i wore my light up belt to the bridge the 1st weekend i got it #Swagg lol The True Blood season 5 trailer looks good... #NATO protests...... keep it movin' chicitymycity The grumbling of my stomach is getting LoUDer!!! Come on 10pm!!! the one that just passed lol CAN I GET AALL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW NOW ... SHE FOLLOWS BACK :) You're yummy. What do you mean-- I had a Dorothy Hamill haircut. I dont have the time to put everyone in their place please take a number and have a seat. THX :) #JDM *now calling number 27....NUMBER 27!* But the language/culture issues still apply. From what I can see, no US institution is providing adequate support. Starting a PC Technician training program at Austin Community College HTI. The program combines the COMPTIA A+ and Network+ Certifications My bad, sorry. Thought it was clear from the link, but I see your point. All of my wishes are used on you. you're so tough. You should probably just stop now while you're ahead, going to the breathe carolina concert in covington CX Mother of god, I need to hear these songs. Ah one phone call can make this girl happy! A2 #sbchat: 1. send gifts to sponsors 2. Send outreach pieces to unrenewed season tix holders 3. Plan decks to lock down unrenewed sponsors k. Thanks Considering that is who isn't even a Democrat and has his own issues. Just bought you a couple of old cookbooks in the #fgs10 exhibit hall. if you would pick me I would die . f Chelsea She deserves a little ridicule So happy for all the newly #engaged can't wait to hear about all of your #wedding ideas!!!! your son and I are leafing lubb right now. And your hashtags made me laugh really hard If they order from where? Counterfeiting and intellectual property theft are seriously undermining U.S. business and innovation. Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed. About to go ball out! Mary Wilson Little~ The penalty of success is to be bored by the attentions of people who formerly snubbed you. Enough already! I'm tired of this depressing Adele song!! Why is it playing in a fucking bar?!? We're drinking to forget depressing shit!!! giiirrrrllll. How are you beautiful? (: long time no talk :c TOP 40 ON ITUNES! it's a good size def dia 20+. Let's meet up Wednesday? I'll be driving to Irving on Wednesday night, I'm not sure where u r Happy New Year from Michael's! January 6th marked our 35th anniversary of serving healthy, delicious, fast Italian sandwiches in Portland! HoeLies# 16: I like your friends. u r 1 of my favorite girls I would love it if u follow me back Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Salt Rising Bread 4.5 / 5 Stars | 17 Reviews by Valarie "This bread demands a delicate, tricky process that will I'm seeing men who have better walks and outfits than most women I know... 0_o Thanks for the mention! Peaches & Cream, still one of my favorite songs of all time! Lol, I'll just go along with the flow. Give it a try. You never know you could hit a bulls-eye! Do tell of Daniels #Indiana greatness breaking labors back Aha! Good point: layering content into QR codes means you have to be aware of the device used to read them. Don't layer Flash into it? im freaking out now thanku so much I use Netvibes to monitor. I love the dash board set up (plus it is free). Holy Moly ... I'll see what I can do. I know a guy. His name is Sam Elliot. my favorite number is 69 always! I just never know what she'll do next lol Just the way some people acted after the game. hi guys, because of the code/prog. i have to delete all pics on my site n reupload, prev links wont work, sorry! awesome possum!! I hope I get it You know, I think I've started watching 2012 about 12 times now, and I can never get past the plane part @ This is scary as shit. Another Texas rainy day. The rain drop are bigger in TX. They want me to remix rhianna cake song, so look for that .well 4g is 10 times faster than 3g I heard. RT #pawcircle Those who are lost,be found. Those who are ill,be well. Those in harms way,be saved. Those without homes,be loved. any pet store? No show tonight! Both side of the political aisle likes to scrutinize big money in political campaigns...unless it is their money. wat happens wen ur side bitch has pussy better than ur main bitch??? The Oh Group is looking for a freelance SEO copywriter. Contact: Can we go?! “: Did LA really have to be your last stop? I guess the saying's true..!” tweet me names for dear_____? (: Anyone else up at 522 am wishing was open or you could get a pedi at 6 am? No? Hmm just me then. Guess its the gym... w@ be best friends ? sure thing and hope you followed back. great weekend. RT : Thanks for the follow BuildingMoxie Speaking at ABI today in DC - NACBA in SF tomorrow -- long flight tonight!! Perfect weekend is perfect. Another day of work and school and then its my weekend. HOLLA! Hi DeAndre! Please follow back. :) wow. a second monitor is really nice during this long webinar. was going to ask the same thing Congrats !!! Have fun and enjoy the day Lou's ass. Urban Meyer to Ohio State? Urban is an Ohio native... You're welcome. Great article! almost 200 followers! Many people play sports bt i love to dance. Could the former DTP femcee be announced into Rozay's MMG fold today? Rumored reports are saying just that... Wow! Good job. Ohm Shanti! I love you too. RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated. wow...did chris mathews ever miss the mark in his interview with michelle rhee no idea "Hula Hoops" were potato chip/rings. I need some of that please. :) Having a great time at THREAD in phx. If you're in phx you should come check it out! I need food but don't wanna get up nikki, i love you sister! lol awesome show so inspiring! I can't wait to see everything work out for you guys! I don't touch soda either& fear trans fats! Like Justin says "and all the haterz, i swear they look small from up here" . So Haterz, Kiss Our Belieber Ass ;* I guess I'll keep talking to myself. Mack: We support Quebec and CA's efforts on #captrade. We won't implement on same timeline, largely bc BC already has a price on Bout time anchorman 2 came out, powerstache ftw. Following live twitter updates from the #Gardner hearing. Very emotional Encore's Follow Fridays! hey doll!!! follow back I just saw two shooting stars c: Looking for more. It's been a long day, settling nicely into my book. Last week was a great one for stocks...it's about time Here we go again............& that is why there should ALWAYS be a defenseman on the ice. Hey,do you have some free time 2day :) What sports will your mom be watching from the sidelines this weekend? yup! Just be listening! it might as well be spring? I just had an out of body experience laughing so hard at perry messing that up! Hilarious! Thanks for your kind words! It's so gratifying when people see what we're aiming to be: an essential part of the community. Area 31 Happy Hour is almost ready for another packed house! Your welcome Anytime lol:) much love back! “: wow lucky you ! I wish you the best of luck ! :D” Thank you so much! Wish you could come! Hammie is a born star just like his daddy Do you know the definition of Small Business? Buy an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte! Offer valid all day, every day until 10/31. Hot date with my bed. So pumped for tomorrow. #gonnabethebest with my Chelsea Five year plan: be brave, be flexible, have a plan... lol he feel the same way I do Maybe Buenos Aires You had me at hello, ...And I thought you were of Mediterranean descent. Welcome new followers: , and bring me some! And a bag of BBQ grippos please <U+263A> wow...just turned on ESPN 2 and they are breaking down Tim Tebow getting a "mani-pedi" in Hollywood...that's sad Brian Massumi: Writing is never linear -- It's about managing nonlinearity. thank you for investing in NYC's great art institutions. It's a long way to the top if you want to rock and roll. Man! Im Sorry For You.. lol it makes me said to see that people are hating on ! he does have talent! HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove is all im saying(: It's not just enough to win awards & trophies. Did you learn and become someone in the process? Are you a better individual & competitor? Thanks for the follows :) party time for the 7 year anniversary!! Gonna be a zoo FASHION TIP: Two toned wedges & flats are rocking (think tan + blue). Do it! Design partnership alert: collaborating with to design tools for informal learning workshops. Who was local kid singing w springsteen during Sunny Day, she stole the show, Bruce let her sing then carried her on stage! If you are very valiant, it is a god, I think, who gave you this gift. What do you need logo, banner? heard you might need some artists for a documentary. let me know, and i can help you out! Me too! Last night made we want to get there even more. I'll let you know when I post some of the pics from last night. ;-) RIP Whitney Houston :( HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO HAD TO PUT UP WITH US BUT STILL LOVE US THROUGH IT ALL!! also amusing is that #10 under "Food & Drink" is misspelled--it's Rachael, not Rachel. One hour at a time Dropping off my baby at his house<3 Oh, lecture-writing - how I didn't miss you over the break... ty :0 and i am doing a little better now that i am out of the h ospital #phish "Back on the Train" played during TV Broadcast of and What is an underwear bomb? Every thought about personalizing your harley to make it light up? Check out Illuminated windshields w/ Led lights www.darksideshields.com then why are you watching the canucks? They embellish everything just like eurotrash soccer Bring on the caps unconvincing win against a poorly coached team My hearts been tripping out of my chest since yesterday morning. What Inspires You? it turns into an hourly rate. Hard Rock Cafe is hosting their 2nd Guitar playing contest "AxeOff USA" Saturday Sept 3rd. Noe entry fee, no admission! www.AxeOffUSA.com hey babe ;) How far have we fallen as a fluid society when the desire to be equitable for all is considered by some to be a declaration of "class war?" Whale entangled in fishing line spotted off Monterey If my recently-posted comment criticizing Community doesn't receive 100 "Fuck You" replies, I'm convinced I shut down hey how ya ben dude? can you give me some advice, I'm trying out for a crew next week? Work with GT Events! DM us or contact us and see that we are a full service agency with much to offer! I looks great. The one time we went they about an hour away from opening so we bailed..I want the fish tacos A day without a laugh is a wasted day. -Charles Chaplin Portland's housing market is on the way back. Sales in January were up more than 18%. More from the Pros at 6:30pm At least the won tonight Bitches wit bunyons..i tell ya...smh Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better. Nance great, better suited for golf. Look forward to him covering ok im not that bad. Ready for some Hot Yoga followed by Sushi with the girls Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! RT RT!!!": I need someone who understands my PAST, compliments my PRESENT, & supports my FUTURE!" Just downloaded The app ,Instagram. <3 LOVE IT <3 I love that someone just pulled a Mortal Kombat reference! Austins probably signed... Great saturday night! :) Follow my new twitter Thank you for reaching out to on our behalf! It was so great to see you the other night! To Know is To Love and To Love is To Know. I do that way more than I'd like to admit. ": "Ben is gorgeous." Things GIRLS only say on the #bachelor" ha! If any of them passed Ben on the street they wouldn't look twice BMA Milwaukee Student Networking Night. Libiamo's Restaurant. That's where I'll be Tuesday eve. hopefully he can get his act together and get on more draft boards. Ok so I didn't make it in today. Big whoop. Just gotta call tomorrow. The world won't end. THANKS! RT Hey! Pay attention to these! let the excitement build. Dick Stockton. Come on now. Bad call in the #knicks game...of course boston gets all the calls... pats, bruins, sox, celts all get the calls Sensate focus was originally conceived by Masters and Johnson. It involves a step-by-step sequence of body touching exercises, moving from.. Sure, but I don't think anybody is fretting about the future of Harvard or MIT or the rest of their ilk. I think my favorite performance from the #BTWBall was Scheiße. The choreography was OUTSTANDING! Seems to me that Woburn pedi is my second home But I'm scared! I'm no good at dating or waiting to be asked out. i will. She would love to hang out with me. why you name yaself twix that's my favoret candy??? Love it! Already dreaming up the sequel. Schedule a no-cost consultation with one of our payment experts. Call (972) 905-4447. Not if she gets there 1st :P Shes a playa it's 3 am i have work at 7 oops I'm just glad to get out of the van! Although, I have another long car trip in February when I leave for Utah :) Tyson Chandler tips off against his old squad tonight. Are you going to watch? Supp how u been I hope the first thing Anthony Davis does when he gets his NBA $$ is wax that #unibrow! #yobitv Balloon animals, unicycling, tap dancing...we have all sorts of unusual talent here at #yobitv :D i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge Technology helps opens up Titanic's secrets (2:43) - Washington Post Tonight: The Ceiling Stares + Frizz + Bloated Sluts at The Shop 9:00 $5 I hope you put out an album soon. I'll be sure to buy it! I've loved your song choices and talent. Friday is finally here and it's supposed to be really nice weather (like near 80!) this weekend! Woohoo I'm excited! Are you? I miss Chris. you are :( you never said if you are interested or not!! Don't know what to make of this. On one hand, it makes sense for his #diet, but he is not the only person at the palace. what's going on Sal? "Take chances, make mistakes, get messy." -Ms. Frizzle, The Magic School Bus John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions! Do so! Last time we talked, you were fighting Kelsey. there are always new buildings to put up, admin staff to hire and beutification projects (anything except putting staff wages up!) I want to go to Florida and Cali this summer. Right? Had to work on a Mac last week after several years away. Wanted to put my fist through the screen. Do you think people will ever stop taking pictures of the baseball field from their seats? Ok! I will! I can't believe that this is the last week of school already. YOU DONT KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL <33333 I didn't get a D/L link. Is there one up yet? RT - Dear Cleveland, The Browns, Indians, Cavaliers, and every other sports franchise associated with your city SUCKS. sorry if they beat michigan i dont care at all. Making my way thru the 800+ songs on the #sxsw bittorrent. So many great bands I have never heard of. A little jazz hiatus till after sxsw. LMAO, dont forget the beverage to wash it all down! RT Last meal as a twenty-something: 4 soda crackers and opiates. Bought 's Food Revolution Cookbook after watching tonight. Checked it out from the library but just had to have my own copy! awesome job!!! I'm guest tweeter for your tweet made me think of a clue. I'm an honor student,know who I am? Wasted my gas.... TWICE Uptown on the Ave. Just ran into an old neighbor told him bout basketball event on May 19. He calld another friend who home to ball Accident. someone went off the boniface off ramp om the side of the bridge. 23 days of school left!! My whole day has been terrible, now it's ending terrible :( studio time will most likely be postponed for a bit. speed bumps you know? I swear RT Watchin the Pacers is like watchin the Spurs......Miami need to get these niggas gone Yay!! Thanks Joy!! Go joy!! Im glad I didn't lose hope on my #Lakers <U+0001F44D><U+2764><U+0001F3C0> good night lovely ppl <U+0001F618><U+0001F609><U+263A> you q dick sucking devil loving Wycliffe looking Nigga I meant cokes :P r u gonna be in one? Its A Nice Day In My City . Middle class will balloon from 1.8 billion to 4.8 billion in next 20 years. Conservation innovation is one key to meeting new demand. RT "Marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man."-DEA Judge Francis Young did you get your HDD needs met from Have a great weekend! Even though I look nice in a weave lol I LOVE seeing all these posts about people's moms.Its nice to see how much people appreciate&love their mothers :)..just like me with mine:) An opulent day for #recruiting #talent I think! Yesh Yesh! precisely, or another tribunal like the ad hoc tribunals. Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. George Sheehan I saw something that reminded me of you... But don't worry, I flushed the toilet I'll meet you halfway, at fuchsia, with shoutouts to the non-shy, non-hair-in-a-bun info pros of & Ready for a long days work tomorrow. Have to go to Mission Veijo tomorrow for a modeling shoot on the BUS!!!! 3 hours away from the crib! Thanks! We will! RT : You guys are our favorite simple CMS. Keep doing what you do. damn ' can at least one of you bitches out here dare to be different ? im tired of the same clothes , same hair , same attitudes -_- haa if you do i will defiantly be there to watch (: ahaa We can't wait! I love overheard conversations, especially when people are flirting. That's entertainment right there. I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us. Wondering what kind of luggage I should buy?? Mother's Day is this Sunday! Where would you take Mom in #Vegas? Any sunny Friday that Cool Jerk comes on the radio is a good day. depends where in nyc but Nobu is the best!!! Have fun fun & soak up the Arabian gulf. Country music. <3 Everyday I'm alive I feel #Blessed. So should you. haha!! I'll bring my dogs leash and collar for u tomorrow... Their pretty u will LOVE them!!(; jkk Where the fuck is my bus if ur a fan of shake it up follow me ..plez i floow back!!! i am a zswagger!!! need 200 followers plez Thanks for everything.<U+E414> Talking is sharing, but listening is caring. Zig Zigler When I was young our phones didn’t have internet, they had SNAKE! I hate when people step on my feet.... See what I mean? ": you heard ir fri me" Thinking About You | Frank Ocean >>> oh yay! for jimmy lol .... sorraaay am barely getting on its cause i had issues with my back lol ya no from yesterday did you win Please retweet the chicken dance rules so we can share it with our Raving Fans on the West Coast! When folks admit they're still using single record approach in the cat these days I think they must spnd all their time tending those redskins could screw up an erotic dream is that coo hah are you still sick? Google moving into food - maybe I could work there? ": We've just been acquired by Google! zagat.bz/qEVoas” good luck tomorrow!!! I'm sure you will do great!! Now how to pay this huge tax bill....? Who needs tech support? Error messages? Slow computer? Mac? PC? I'm your #TechieWithAPersonality! I have a client and a daughter who use Mint and I think this is a great tool lol still? Just getting started What crew is performing right now?? Students from BMYA show that caring + digital media can be a powerful thing! Working hard with our new SEO partner - Viking SEO. Excited to optimize some great small business websites. Same reaction I had. It's the nfl, if it doesn't work out, they cut him. No big loss. But still a bunch of ability there. Just goes for it. I like it. Good luck, my man RT Not on twitter, in real life. Thanks Racquel. Why does this happen?! :'( "I must got down to the sea again, the lonely sea and the sky, and all I need is a tall ship, and a strong wind to steer her by" There's more of a job to do than just a view on YouTube Is the new trend for these companies suing everybody over patents? David Foster Wallace begins writing "A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again" at the airport, where he has four hours to kill. is watching His Band. This should be interesting. Hm should I follow through Twitter or FB? thank you! Anyone tried Starbucks coffee from the new Clover machines? Sleepy. Long day of a fun and insightful workshop. May have to go hit up the hot tub soon:) me a second and I will send u the details via DM :) and your welcome! i voted for over 50 times but i sont thinks i will get a followback....ohh well guess ill keep voting:) please follow back:) #Merry Christmas Everyone! :o) Ugh don't feel any better One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels. - Gustave Flaubert Never take someone u love for granted. You never know when the last day u see them could be today Bruce Harper RBI double I don't care. Don't saw the branch you're sitting on. I'm Feeling Freaky Tonight lmao N beaver dam,softball tourny How many times are we gonna have this argument? step off & grow up bitch 2 new DW / BI contracts and jobs in Austin and LA >> check our site for details www.spyglassstaffing.com Off for a weekend 16 yr old party! Um, I think that sounds perf. I've heard amazing things. I hope knows he can eat all he wants and there will always be room for him in my heart. hi guyz I hOpE JuStIn BiEbEr wIlL WiN On kIdS ChOiCeS aWaRd LoLx SoO Ya jUsTiN bIeBer :) Watching Magic City with Viggle Fri | 10PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV. Words from the mouth of a Madtown Munchies customer: "I hope your night stays strippertastic" I'm there! RT I'll be on #pearljam Sirius xm for the next 2 hours. Gonna dig deep, happy #PJ20 boys and girls Apr 28…Fools » Culture, Literature, History, NYC, Famous People ... awesome! It's a cool city! Have fun! I can see that. Actually, he'd make a pretty good serial killer seeing how sociopathic his Sherlock character is. still upset on mj's death there hasn't been a really good Scary Movie in AGES! a really good horror needs to come out! I luv u man! That's real. Keep doing ur thing. U see I came to watch u play today. That makes two of us. “: Looks like Houston is coming....M&T is gonna be CRAZY!!!”. You know it!!!! I fucked this white girl who got a pink rang and she drives fast on the slow lane. she got a neck tattoo and all her clothes are new. Met with some more providers yesterday, getting a good group of educators to contribute to our site! HA. RT : "Thanks for your note! We don't bid on QLab sales, since we're the only ones selling it." Staying in... Movie night with the roomie :) Just got off work tryna find something to do Nothing Like the Andes Candy #TEA that’s coming to #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE Now you're talking! Me too.... belated thx for the RT of our commencement speakers. Once an Eagle... Just one more reminder in case you need it.... Call Your Mother!!!!! But my aardvark is massive. ... how baby boy #GirlsShould stop assuming all guys are the same. Cause were not TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE (TONIGHT) OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE! YEAH!!!! i was saying hope it don"t hurt. is kind of intimidating be hooked to whole world. is a big worl out there...please be nice... follow We're at The Wood Shed in Adair, OK. There is a man with real cowboy boots on. With tassles and everything. Awesome. thanks baby. Have yourself a blessed day hunny. Mwah x - They should concentrate on what's important for the children than trying to Race to the Top for grants. Are you craving a nice big juicy burger? Fox Sports Grill has the best burger in town! Come join us!! We are open at 11am everyday. Due to the events of the last two days, I'm compelled to pitch a reality show to TLC titled "Hippie Houseguest." Alternate: "Chakra & Awe." thanks for these Emily! Thanks. Hopefully this weekend. #whenitwascoolto love kidrauhl and nobody knew who he was.. Son of a bitch... Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent van Gogh I'm worn out from work but... I Gotta Get IN @ LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois follow me please? by the way ur like the cutest thing ever:D just needed to tell u(; Waypoint Seafood &amp; Grill Implements MICROS myreservations, Offering an Added Convenience to Customers and Staff with ... My car didn't survive so well :( Got a few nice dings someone got shot I think off 67th and monroe we're here too! one week, #wits the next! Mayor Landrieu at Am Healing saying we don't care abt black men killing each other like we do about Trayvon. Eye rolling at my table. Went to Church this morning to hear the word of God... it was AMAZING. RT if you can relate <3 CODY I LOVE U PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND I WILL BE SO HAPPY I SAW U AT PAC FAIR:) hehehhe Levels by Avicii as been my alarm for over a year now... I really need to change that. Swag alert. REST in Jesus finished work or RUST in your self effort! hey how you been? On the road to Page County for a dinner with some great local Dems-amazed by the stinkbug infestation along the way! Now THAT was a DIVE BAR STICKUP show! Thank you same to you kiss the babies for me “: happy mothers day” That`s really nice,thanks! #NCwala Old and young women bearing breasts.....is it possible that old women can wear bras in this rich ceremony? Literally walked into a pole this morning. Yeah, we're off to a great start. How many more injuries before its neccesary to think about Sanders going on IR? Guys are bound to get nicked up next Monday too #TardyfortheWedding comes on tonight at 9PM. Don't be tardy! Maybe your society ": We watch/judge celebrities because they are in many ways just mirrors of our society." Bielema was impressed with Gordon, Stave and defense despite a few busts It is cant wait to get some Whitney Glam! See you this afternoon ...universal,disney world,bush garden and etc..theres not alot of other kewl things about i know its to hot he b calling me Mo'wet . : Right. And chasing food trucks. Will do. omg seriously?! So proud of you right now! LMFAO! RT : #iLikeYouBecause you're an idiot, I feel very smart around you. Thanks for the kind words, More to come. perhaps we were treated this way because we look younger than we are? Either way thought you should know... The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you. Isaac Asimov Why cant it just be tomorrow already? I feel like death warmed over at this point, my stomach is basically eating my insides :( I can't wait until Carrie Underwood comes out with a new album. Her voice is amazing! Youth Pastors! is devoting ONE wknd this Summer to preparing your students for the challenges that await their faith in college i'm coolin with my younginz *chief keef voice* i had results i cant find it. Woman+smoking= There's no limit to the amount of Sriracha Sauce you can use. On everything. Tip #73: Never give in...one chip is enough to win! like spaceflight, 80% will throw up the first time. Im getting rhodes to. and make him bleed out This is really close. Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out. The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it. When one door opens, another one closes,and while some people dwell on the closed door, others notice the opened window. There will be exactly 12 hours of daylight today. "Spring" begins on Tuesday. Summer weather moved in last week! what a Fucking body!! Doesn't get better than that! How bout them Astros... so glad to hear! What did you have? My friend just delivered me my pamperedchef delivery with a wopping 20% discount. I could never cook without their stoneware again. Just took my Pre-workout #Neurocore from looking forward to a Kick Butt workout! It bugs me when people don't have profile pictures. I seriously can't get over how cute your daughters are! they are little fashionista's...deff follow after their mother xoxo Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to #Break em don't be excited :( I'm gonna miss you!! In Mr.Mcmanus class reallllyy bored, this dude doesn't teach us anything. Heroes get remembered but these Crystal Head shots will never die I figured that might chime in b4 me. I'm a bit more forgiving. I expect the no-auto rule will take years 2 sink in. My DH's minor plumbing repairs inevitably required calling in the plumber after. :) I recognize my limits but when I look around I realise I am not living exactly in a world of giants. good luck, gotta go! Does Mitt Romney tie a dolphin to the roof of his yacht? Yep I Am Now....Officially....FOURTEEN!!(: that's what I'm talkin about! well i hope you have fun stay in touch ok :-) either hit me up here or my fan mail either one i always reply. :-) buenas How many of you pay your telecoms bills without looking at the detail..unless its above the expected amount? NBA playoffs this is what men with inflated egos and bloated contracts do. I just put up a sign in my house saying BABE RUTH alive with Free agent availability LOL Now I can't sleep and I have finals tomorrow. I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex Today: ½ price salads, roasted corn and shrimp bisque soup, & $5 drink specials I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight ": "There ought to be a bonus just for being willing to teach middle school!! " With you there brother!" AMEN!! I thought you were leaving! golf getting very interesting :) When it rains it pours. Last day of 7am Warm-Up Class for the semester was today. Hm, whatever shall I do with these open early mornings now? I forgot my watch & now my wrist feels naked. Hey Does Superman like snow? for & and a #NBA draft pick could help I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect. Thanks for the follows new followers! Looking forward to sharing and learning! Great auditions today for #DanceWorksBoston season four! giving a shout out to falcons hockey today!!!!!! yeah that's true, but in today's economy it just seems like a bad idea. what does#donalddriver have to do to get a ten around this place?? give that sexy man a GD TEN already!!:) ME: "I'm hungry." FRIDGE: "Don't care." CABINET: "LOL don't look at me." FREEZER: "LOL nigga, you like ice?" Taking my gf salsa dancing tonight haha <U+0001F483><U+0001F483> loved your character in "Think Like A Man" and your new comedy special "True Story" is hilarious loved your new material The one I tweeted today! unless I spelt your name wrong.. o.o Must stop calling you ashee! The menu at Starbucks does. Not. Change. Not brain surgery. Get it together folks! What girls dont realize is, i smash then i leave. Dont call me baby and expect me to call you tomorrow. who you routing for these days? It's never too early to start thinking about happy hour. Stop in between 4-7pm for drink specials and half-priced select appetizers. Life is short and hard like a bodybuilding elf Fuck A Bad Bitch That Aint Faithful I Rather Stay Faithful To These $Green Faces$ In My Pocket Cause They Know How To Treat Me Right $$$$$ they won't let you get your own contract?! Happy 80th Birthday Johnny Cash!!! IF YOU HAVE AN OOVOO SEND ME YOUR NAMES!!!!!!!!! hi I may be working with a local person within my area. Thanks for reaching out to me! #gottaloveit when your itunes goes silent and it takes you 2 minutes to realize it's just illest muthafucka alive Absolutely. RT : "if you're running a business, you're your own recruiter." dropping smarts. I missed Whit Stillman. Join our house music night @ Colony. the heavy traffic on Fletcher is due to their inability to get on 275 southbound aw thats so sweet! Think of how much pussy you're gonna get. Thank you! You do too. you can reach me at (608) 225-8969 or Wasn't it awesome? We could see it from our windows on the 8th floor over here. Playing with 3TC again today, Oshkosh this time, alonf with Local Celebrities 5man, they kick ass, you must check them out! No exceptions She also likes Kanye West. Not sure that helps I have the #perfect solution for you, the juice pack plus. It’s super stylish too! actually; no words required! Omg i thaught my twitter got hacked lmao wtf i couldnt get on for a long time geesh i took me a month man i miss twitter :( wouldn't doubt MLB all-star game dying - another feather in bud selig's cap for sure. home field advantage gimmick is dumb. I gots a question for you! S/O to for being my newest follower! Long time no talk! Haha That moment when you're so tired from taking a nap that you feel like you have to take another nap to get over your nap. Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info: My sisters First Communion was today. #Church was extra lomg thanks! Just checking because kpbs is off #10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who still open the car door or hold a door for you on occasion.. : yes he should put more regulation on the banks.he also needs to enforce the ones in place now.we can't afford to keep bailing out. MY FRIENDS COUSIN IS EMMA OSTILLY. WUT. goodness! From who? But yeah I did alright that's it. so many gifs. i am in love with 18 year old omg glad you had a good time <U+0001F604> It's safe to say that I'm going to look like hell at work today. How did Barney Frank get elected. He's being interviewed on CNN, right now, and his speaking is like nails on a chalkboard. It's not Friday? "Son you are a slick operator" (referring to me snagging her number). ya i and i need you for my video too. not ... fuck you guys well hope one day we bump into each other so i can say hi instead of just starrin lol sparring videos are up...Like White Tiger Sparring_1 Dec 11_1.wmv well while we talkin we mine as well be talkin right? how you been I wish bae was home, I could use one of his back massages right about now :( good luck today Matt!! Guys FINALLY followed me. I feel like my life has been given new meaning. how about now? Ready for some family BBQ time! Going to the movies for my two loves...Jess and Lincoln! RT : Really wish we had Stanton Social here in DC, my decision would be so easy :/ Happy Passover back at ya! True story: I went to an Obama rally in 08. He spoke of fellowship, decency, coming together. We all cheered and smiled. Pt 1 And correct their grammar. What says sunshine better than a blended margarita? A strawberry blended margarita. Lmaao! I forgot! Who? Think you can find a Hot man? Need help in Metro Detroit? Go to "For Women by Women" Stilettos give you the confidence you need! Hey all you #IUBB fans, tune in to see your team on CNN ! One of the greatest OG of all time!! #PutJerryInHOF!!! is done. Now some sleep, some script, and some more sleep. #ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo plan out my finances. Obama: "I've always been adamant that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally". watching the knicks game ! Romney says he knows it's not easy keeping a roof over your family's heads — as well as roofs in San Diego, New Hampshire, and Park City. So any updates from my Nike FuelBand friends? You like? love? What aspects? And what's not so great about? Go Hogs!! O lord lolRT : Up watching "beauty and the beast" Good news for people, planet and pocketbook: MSC certified Wild Fresh Pacific Cod Fillets are on sale for $8.99/lb. You save $3/lb Fri-Sun Look at my Tumblr :P Test message. LOL oh no! Chase will be a force to be reckoned with if he continues on his present path. Happy Holidays. O I googled it and it looks cool! Will try it out for sure :) i wish you saw what i saw..maybe then you'd finally understand /: I'm not supposed to miss you, but i do <U+0001F61E> Nice picture, beautiful people, great occasion!!! Bernanke speaks of global recovery issues. Recovery from what? Keeping my eye on today is about all I'm capable of. And today, I think I'll go for a run. -- John Bingham Stand up guys! Not #TwitterOutcast RT ": Thanks man. About to walk on stage. I'll try to fill you in ltr." Omg so i was gonna tweet "I can sneak someone in,who wants to come over" and send it to my dad o: I ran into his room & deleted the message. Another crazy #Easter done! red bull won't, but fruit consumption will! :) MISS YOU New premium tea line in my head. Prepare to be blown away by something that's good for you. #milwaukee Fun wood Fact: One acre of trees removes up to 2.6 tons of carbon dioxide each year. hope you have enough strength to fly home Falcons #Caps fans, let's have some fun. What was your "WTF" moment of the season? It can be anything. Discuss. it's okay don't cry the movement is in full effect! It was the topic of discussion at Silk's barbershop this week. Would the Charlotte Bobcats be a top 25 team in the NCAA?? mine or yours? its only dope if u pull off the 1st time u fuck a random bad bitch..u feel certified Reminds me of kazanjian's point about how social movement genealogies of our archives and methodologies-are effaced. Can't beat #Maui but a crystal clear #Seattle day puts up a good fight! Only one by is such a jam ": Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him. #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot" the meats of your labor hes signed and has 9 albums, You should prolly come out with 1 song that's atleast been on the radio b4 you come at his neck RT : RT : #BeyoncesBabyName: "Jay-Z's 100th Problem" <<Lmao...why, why was this posted? ha even I, the conservative Sox fan knows "Don't taunt Rahm" i miss yu2 ..wat'd u end up doin fa the break ? I texted u fool “There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker Thank you! : "#FF #FollowFriday consider following: " what is the best way to send an inquiry to noisetrend? Lol, im at the store and a baby boy got yelled at for singing to , she obvs. needs JESUS. ._. I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter. Whoa! Woah! Pushing through those big sellers at .695 $SNPK! In following one's breath, notice t/ perfection: accept t/ life force flowing in, let go of all that no longer serves U on t/ exhale. Morning run to clear my head. Caught some of the first My drum solo is trending on twitter The Dentist is the Shit Driver of #wmata 36 bus improvising route because of #evictdc road closures. Doing a pretty good job too. Tim Bakdash gets 40 years in prison for hitting and killing U student last year I agree. Already the sports show are on it. It was game one. Today is a new day. Win tonight. #FF & , two awesome & empowering #PdPlus friends! “: #SXSW SLOTS STILL AVAILABLE?” email - nathanonearth at g mail dot com fuck they changed it!!! I dunno how to search even!! Northern CA Tour being booked for May! Correct but how do you explain him driving off a cliff while falling asleep @ the wheel? I don't have the facts but it adds up. Nice finish, #Gators. Good night for baseball, softball, and lacrosse. No energy for the heat right now this is sad #LSCON how committed are you? Cop- out, hold-out, all-out where you sat boo real loud and annoying lol and they do it right in your face lol Smile, tomorrow is Friday!! Gotta love the weekends. www.kravitzdental.com I dont think I ever been so sore in my lifee! Can u pls RT? Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show! Go to for details! so whats everyones favorite brand of milk Wow! What a comeback yes. it is. are you working on an infosec startup? cc: This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for "The Wired World of Sports" ... topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ... DC Friends! To ! Cheers to gainful employment! 80 on my first test!! Good day I know, right!! Going to road trip one of these days! :) The #BWParty is a little slice of Paris in Baltimore! C'est magnifique!! Yoo-hoooo! #350. It's a great place to be! Just read a great script and finished scoring a very cool video project. I love my job! I hope the Spurs lose so my best friend can get off work and party with me!! Jeffrees on the radio! Didgeridoos are made from branches or the trunks of saplings of the stringy bark, woolleybutt eucalyptus, bamboo, or blood wood trees. Boo, you whores... I was out at dinner and missed it! Haha that brief quote-convo was great to come back to though 16,000 tweet :D i love you Dylan Holland, Niall Horan, Justin Bieber, Liam Payne, Peyton Sanders, Austin, Zyan, Harry, Alex C and Louis <3 That's tough, but I will go with Pleasure Principle. After watching Joe pitch the past two years, it's obvious he lost his stuff and his mind wasn't as strong in past years = struggle If you have a childhood and you acted like an old person you will act like a child when you are older can u get a shutout for my 21st bday We value your opinion and would love to speak with you further. Please contact us: Thank you!! Have loads of fun!!! They're moshing on the floor at the #SocialDistortion show. Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony! </greatday> and hope yours was too! #WereNotFriendsIf you don't have a sense of humor. what does it do? my week is more packed. paper due, midterm & 2 quizzes tomorrow, Winter White Thurs, then Fri 8am quiz, 2hr interview, & LA flight lol i want that book someone get it for me I'm also here! Matty B that man Matty B "Do you understand? / Me neither. / I don’t understand a thing." —Oliverio Girondo, tr. I LOVE kendrick lamars words! Growing apart too .. love that! Always stay true Zayn, never change love xx This isn't a comedy, it's a horror film. People live, people die, so you'd better start running. we need to play that at mass next week Cherry limeades >> Just got 's book. Love it! Breaking down a scene becomes more fun...like a puzzle I need to solve. send me your addy (amykant @ gmail) and I'll get a sample in the mail tomorrow! to early in the morining : Nice pic. Was that Saturday morning? Does Gus always wear a jacket & tie? I don't think I've seen him without. Woah! #Emory is so posh, they have parking attendants at automated garages. He just pushed buttons for me so I didn't have to stretch. Oh Anthony,You really aught not make such appearances in my dreams (lingering tingles) Can't wait to see u boys 5/25! OSU can't play Thomas w/ 4 fouls, cos he fouls every time he gets ball. Can't risk refs callin it close. Home! But, I somehow managed to ruin two (2!!) shirts this trip by putting a pen in my pocket without a cap. Pocket protector in my future. Nice to meet you as well. I look forward to keeping in touch! gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow lol what up lady!! please come back to NY ! <33333333333 Im in the mood to watch jackass Are they wearing blue and red ties 'cause they're afraid we don't know which side they're on? Thank you for following!! you gotta love it. My brother graduated from state and it's a great atmosphere for a game. And i just ripped a big hole in my pants bowling.... At least i was throwing a spare if u were lokked in a room wit me 4 3 years without bein able 2 leave, wat would u do 2 me? One Life to Live ends Friday, after a 43 year run. There is an interesting documentary to be made about the end of this era. 43 years! You're featured a few times :) Roses are red violets are blue i never knew what love was til the day i met you......love ya <3 =) yeah buddy ! I value respect, integrity, and community. It is a joy to collaborate with others who share those values. i cant get any more tattoos till after bootcamp -__- Master p a genius yo Busy day of coaching calls :) How is your day going? Austin's hair looks soft. I want to pet it. No I am not weird. ON ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY Thanks guys! Congrats!! It is kinda cool to be connected with NCSS presenters!! I apologize for the exclamations. One of the best books every written: Strunk and White's The Elements of Style. On my way to auto zone I since some sarcasm in that tweet...meet me at the spot lol i like it.. i dunno if he will tho.. ill give it a whirl! =p Game 5 in Indianapolis #Pacers vs yeah it sucks cause I like reading the posts from people dammit liking a guy is annoying well logically now the team that should win the cup are the rangers. but it hasn't been very logical so far, so. Man... This place is crawling with girls. hi! when is your next show in spokane? If bike riding was a pre-requisite for diabetics... Drug companies would be a lot less richer, Rock chalk. Dyson not looking bad this year Good win for ! I'm sure this is just the first of many victories. If you still look nice at the end of a rock show, you've done it all wrong. Thanks. I can't DM you unless you follow me. I am following you, so you can DM me an email address & I will send you the details. I thought it was strange my daughter ate all her peas but not her mashed potatoes. Then I found the peas. In her mashed potatoes. Overheard (cuz I'm not allowed to attribute it): ”why does everybody have to pee in a toilet?” it only tuesday? Thrive lunch will be held at The Wright Place 901 6th St Wausau. Hope to see you there at 11:30! Don't forget that it's Alfred's Birthday! good for you. I know you are an excellent business man. You are an excellent man :-) Awesome! RT : In case you missed it, Tweeple, you'll be able to vote for #xfactor contestants on Twitter!! tell us your fav brazilian food or drink .... we'll be running contests when our food promos kick off next month .... Ready for the new month! Hi may, can't wait for the summer weather you have to offer >:D Why do I always venture to trader joe's, which is across town from my new place, while it's raining? That's what I was thinking!!!! Rule of life: Buy Low, Sell HIGH Hey , I'm making your grilled Thai steak salad for dinner tonight. Bruschetta and Hacker Pshorr celebratimng #victory before the parent meeting tonight. $avings on Catering www,patrickscatering.com #FridayListens: Chugging into Disc 12 of 13 on the immensely fab READY PLAYER ONE by & read by I can finally check "begin watching Community" off my to-do list! Site went back up a few hours ago! Tonight we toast to the sincere (perhaps desperate) hope that tonight's rain will be warm like bathwater and melt all the ugly brown snow. but they do so so snappily! when is it First day of training for the half marathon, and I'm on my couch with red wine and a romance novel. This will go well. I do, I just want more haha It's cool. I'm really busy so its going to be a couple of weeks before I can get the verse to u. I'm in the middle of some promo. whats that supposed to mean Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington~ Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line except insofar as it doesnt. The grass is always greener where the dogs are shitting. Blasting some Soundgarden while driving through Montana. Bird's are chirping and I don't need my winter coat?! Is spring really here?? we can rent a penthouse with the money from our nonexistent summer jobs #RealFriends dont judge whatever it is you do and fully supports u haha, yeah, forever the sweetest couple. ;') Tebow on jets and manning in Denver gon be a interesting season I want some Tommy's .-. <3 bad bitch. First shot of the day. I love toothbrushes! "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn. Angling for a call-up? (Cld use him in bullpen) : Stay with it bobby Valentine I am in your corner big fan of you &the red sox hey hey hey ! :D thank you ! is there a chance of that happening? or is it just part of new employee orientation? TDD is valuable but dangerous. It is HARD to think of all the test cases and your code fits only the cases you think of. Just learned that. #BITCH,I know~! LMAO love is the answer to all ur questions, go ahead and test it out and prove me right I want to blast my music and clean my room... Odd. Or Worse..... Pittsburgh. RT : Josh Beckett doesn't care. So how about not caring in Kansas City? Also, the tenor in this hizzy is a dead ringer for A McGee vs Hill match up? Must see tv Work at Home Business Expo - June 4th Orange County, CA...am speaking at 2:30pm...see you there....The Home-Based Business Expert, Helene :) pa shout out & pa follow back... tnx!!!!! #thatcampPNW The Digital Humanities Manifesto 2.0 identifies Dig Hum's origins in the "intertwinglings" of counterculture and cyberculture. we like you already Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow? haha u look at least 16 Thank you for the tweet! :-) #FF Shout outs to these great tweeps: Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. ~Hubert Humphrey Music Lessons on Webcams Grow in Popularity Wow! What a great final four game thanks for the follow! Smells like snow I couldn't sleep so I have been up all night BA BA BA BECKY AND THE JETS! hahahahhahah Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts. - Bhagavad Gita RT : Gov Dayton signs education omnibus bill. Good news! Killing time at westshore mall in Tampa until chipotle opens. Taking myself out to lunch. LET'S GOO BOYS! We're here! Checking in @ the hotel later. Coffee and easy morning in progress now. Ah, the joy of waking up slowly. "Do Unto Other's As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU." Agreed. ": Classy. tweets congratulations to incumbent , whom he challenged for at-large director @ #EIJ11" #FF he has pretty teeth! <U+0001F601> Finally something worth watching! Thanks to our new Abigail Watkins for redesigning our LOGO. Thanks Abigail, you're the best. Woo woo woo Or students who couldn't pay off loans for #HE went into public service with low pay. Should be rewarded. it's easier to delete everything :3 Wow, really? i look like a 12-year-old wearing his dad's flip flops. like i need anything to make me look younger. You rang? So far, very speedy. Been on a couple of walks around the block, eating real food. Big progress! Also, Happy Mother's Day!! Lol so the Lakers lose by 30 and Kobe get a pass. Heat lose by 3 and wade missing lay ups....look at the LeBron hate. Haven't been sleeping to well lately!My life is sad,I need a Band! human rights, stem cell research, gay rights, women in the global workplace--what will matter abt these issues is how they affect job growth Microsoft's new search engine Bing is now available at www.bing.com #musicmonday money to blow;wait your turn;hard. no thanks..anything that is related to you or your subs further exploiting Norma Jeane, I AM OUT. Yall look like twins Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people Wow! So many thanks to corporate sponsor Market Genomics for supporting and #NYE2012! Crocheting and watching a Finnish movie about WWII after a day spent riding, prepping a Tufts presentation, and reading for YEPS. Oh ok. I met ppl like that but at the end day none of that shouldmatter because you achieved what you set out to do. Love is delusion that one woman differs from another Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept. I just successfully did nothing all period. angeles convention center and #herworld helping girls realize their dreams today. Residents of , if you've been to the dog park lately, you know--drainage probs are fixed. No mud puddles! I'm sorry!! :( but I'm sure they're going to come back again! Submit your images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com !!! Paul Hoilman just tied a francise record with an 8th inning 1B to extend his hitting streak to 21 games Now who can the knicks trade for Rondo,i ll even take KG's old ass. Gracias!! What kinds do you have? HA. Only good for the drag strip? You will never know love unless you surrender to it! The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast. Hey I need that song! Call me Bro! love ya That moment when you get the wrong calzone!!Like now!! Oh snap!! ;( Delay dont mean denied from the Lord. He's up to something. Have your way in our lives Jesus. ABD would be awesome! I would love to do one of the European tours! Joanna do you even go here???? it depends on if your just "laying there" or not? RT I get a good laugh every time I leave out the house// i know u do dem mfs shot da hell out!! Lol The thing I love and hate about Haskell is there's no faking it, either you do understand something or it just doesn't work One day, it'll be my turn. USA USA USA! P.S - those last 2 characters in that last tweet were an accident. my dog stepped on the keyboard :| or even better are the bots with 2 followers telling you how they can get you more followers instantly. LoL #Extremes work. “Some people think music education is a privilege, but I think it’s essential to being human.” - Jewel Having errors all day. Passing up a lucrative job offer... regret is something I try not to acknowledge but it is slowly seeping in... <U+0001F616> Thanks for #ff! Hope you have a great weekend! It's supposed to get up to 80 - I don't know what I'm going to do with myself! Enjoying a delicious IPA at the Dog and Duck in Austin, TX. i hate management they always fuck us over. now it'll be soo hard to get tickets. Send out tweets to worldwide major EDU people tweeting about mashable articel to open discussion about future of PLE. Hope they respond! There are certain moments when dealing with the general public where I just want to say... "I'M SORRY... BUT I DON'T SPEAK RETARD!!!" Yes , we are friends & no, I am not mad at you. #lovemywrestlingcoach #cwa4life <U+0001F49A><U+0001F499> At Qualcomm, mobile learning is blended with F2F learning. An integrated learning approach. Haha I just posted my very first tweet! :] Awkward conversations about bananas . i hate change. therefore hate new years. so sue me. Party on malibu road lots of fun Why does the start of this press conference sound like the Academy Awards acceptance for Best Picture... starting to think you might want to do an over/under on the Tigers Follow <3 Please! THEY FOLLOW BACK! So, you gain a follower if you do(; It's a win-win! if I didn't just go for a long elliptical session then I would have I just wanted to say you are my role model. Thank you for teaching me to speak my mind. yes we do were you in a car accident? City wat the Hell!! hate when people feel like they can talk to u any kind of way & then turn around & need u... It is!! Also, I'm learning to knit! Nothing fancy so far, but now my dish cloths don't end up with holes in them! Check out the Roundtable today as I was a guest with Our host was you're Danzig to me. <U+0001F480><U+0001F480> I beez in the trap. Question of the day: What is your favorite cartoon character? Nothing but you Lord.. The value of a CFO/COO is measured by looking back at their careers. The value of a CEO is measured by how far they can see into the future Another great birthday, I love my wife! I knew that was you, but I would've felt like a meat head if I sent a text and it wasn't. What's new? Seasons over you dog us??? Yep. Long wait. Get better #EddieVedder ! RT : We did too! Both nights. Now in October. I AINT A TEACHER BUT I CAN TEACH SUMTHING, I AINT A PREACHER BUT WE CAN PRAY IF U WANA your name was trending on , and I got so excited for you! Apparently you're kind of a big deal in golf ;) KCMO Preps for All-Star Game with Full-scale Emergency Exercise Really wanting to dress up in my Mr. Rogers sweater and sing Baby, Talk To Me. I miss it <U+0001F625> Hell yes! Just did week 8, day 2 of ! A recent Yahoo News story found Seattle and Portland to be the top two best cities for hipsters. Korean is so hard :( is there a way to delete my account? I can't seem to find any info on the site w/instructions. Thanks! One week closer to summer Three for Two pre-rolled cones today at The Clinic!! it's on my list. Here it's #wicked bad. I didn't yet but I plan to when I get home. I want to make it my text tone. Thanks for posting it. Authenticity is so delicious! Neuroscience data geek out in the office today. Text mining for scientific breakthroughs with and The AAP recommends that babies sleep in the same room, but not the same bed as parents in order to avoid known bed-sharing hazards #replacebandnamewithasians Bring Me The Asians I want a money oak lol The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln ALL IS LOST! Damn you, Long Beach State. Damn you to hell. Sentence found in DC cab:“Some made ill-fitting locks like marionettes, while others clapped as if afraid their hands might seal together.” Let's see what tomorrow will brings? 25 years ago this day, the world was blessed with the birth of a kind, beautiful, artistic genius. RPS Libraries have awesome Romantic Comedy Displays at all of our centers! Come visit and check out something that will make you smile :) All of your decisions in life are based upon your foundation - John Di Lemme Another viewpoint RT : Let's get one thing straight: these people aren't 'protesting', they are thieving and destroying. - So GREAT to hear about your Dove nomination! Keep on singing!!! Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen Have you received your FREE 30 minute session with FLO FUSION FITNESS??? Call us TODAY!!!!! line 7 is a set comprehension so data is an iterable, not a string It is unfortunate that we seek approval from the very people in constant critique of us. Neither understanding our thoughts or motivations why isn't the apple site working?! They will have that cake!! I'm over my cube. #goodriddance . what did she do ? Attending college doesn't guarantee you a job... You have to network for yourself & showcase what you gained from your education. Apparently Noel's on there too. The true Oasis talent. Of course! is the HUGE story. Retrain Tip: Learn to work smarter during exercise by understanding ur body over time. "In youth we learn, in age we understand" Time for #cabin in the woods Got alot done today. Finished 7 bags. I'm going to be extremely busy tomorrow. This show better not suck lol Rooting for OKC to go all the way this year. Durant has been ripped off from the MVP award for 3 years in a row. Go Thunder. I need advice from the great majestic <3 Thanks for the support. I enrolled in Loyola's paralegal program. Radio's been a great journey, but I need a different path. Bet That I just almost broke my ankle on a crack in the sidewalk opened my car door into my shin & then f bombed a six yr old. Keepin it classy! It is impossible to look cool running for an airplane. Heavy D's passing just reminds me how much I miss the "fun" Hip Hop I grew up on. R.I.P. TRICK QUESTION. Nothing is better than pizza. About to lock my tweets, shits dumb getting in trouble for tweeting something yeah I can hold out but 50 sure is tempting. Does anyone else have a butthole for a mom? “I don’t trust doctors, preachers, married women.” Sounds like a Via. ;) Obama can get OBL in a distant country and in an undisclosed location; but he can't identify a single criminal on Wall Street. ugh I don't know if I can.. Or if I care enough to try! Which ones? Very little of the good stuff aside from Tokaj is available in the US. hey i added all my followers pimp me how are all you doing out there new pic's just uploaded check them out ;D We all want the same shit. It's just how we achieve at getting that shit. ENOUGH!!! thats like ur 20th tweet on football. Give it a rest It took you 13 days to come up with that response? Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx. the first day of the rest of our lives:) you up for it? Sounds awesome! Have a beer for me ;) #YouKnowYouSoftWhen you cry when someone looks at you and you cry. Waiting for a Pro Thank U Jen :) punched out my brain and filled up my soul tonight with Gospel According to First Squad! Thank you!! My hair is not on point. I can't wait until Thursday. . Hi Eric! Would you mind RTing us? We are a new resource for those starting, funding or mentoring HEY, I HEARD YOU WERE A PLAYA... WELL I'M THE COACH... Yes. Related: Kenneth Cole is an idiot “: It seems most of the interesting/important information is at the bottom of an article.” My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday <U+2665>2 have fun! GAB says no way to tell when recall election might be held. Uncharted territory. For this love is unconditional, it wont go away. I know I'm lucky, no it aint easy for men (black) who take care of their responsibilities Who's watching American Idol?(: What does turkey pot pie, sheppards pie and mac & cheese have in common? They are all part of our lunch comfort food buffet today for $8.95! Happiest of Birthdays to fearless leader of and Ps, congrats to Jesus for beating death today 2012(I think) years ago! Hm... Feels Nice Doesnt It.?(: swear I miss my sis even though she be gettin on my last nerves... #LoveTweet/MissedTweet I created a short examp Prezi for 7th graders, they picked it up quickly & made pretty good presentations w/ little help from me Me and tia came up with this yesterday i think Are you a Proud Wisconsinite? Does anyone else think Anthony Davis looks a lot like Darth Vader with his helmet off at the end of Jedi? Bedtime! Back up in 5 hours for what is surely going to be a day that puts the final nail in my coffin. hi there - how can I register / view the webinar today? Looking forward to it! ha nah. im guilty of it too. (: Using a different tack to get our film out there. Interviews with conspiracy websites. Our tagline says it all: Trust No One! For a chuckle, follow Jessica Wiza, our camp assistant this summer, will be live blogging throughout the camp this year! Be sure to follow us for updates! if can take a twitter break then so can I. BYE GUIZE. i love how eminem in 8 mile acts like its nothing that he got jumped Rico in for Shep this AM. 248.848.1130 - Which local team wins a championship first? Wings? Tigers? Lions? Michigan/Michigan State? LMAO. That sounds plenty exciting. Not my favorite kinda dream but still exciting lol. All of this could have been the norm circa. 2007 re. #ODBC & #LinkedData bar misconception that: "folks know it works!" They don't. That's unfortunate. That site was great. I was thinking. If you were to DIY, how much maintenance would a site like that need? the grandman have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a word oh well Have a great time with your family/friends I plead the fifth, lol RT : you such a hater....bet you watched them though How are my feet so cold! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown Just found out I'll be graduating high school on my Grandpa's birthday. He wont be there in person, but there in spirit. Time to try to go to sleep... Ugh!!!! Why do I have to be so ugly!!!! I'm so jealous of Elizabeth and Lise! Instagram The.DOPE.Side.Of.Iggy Haha well that was a really good idea! :) Andy Katz, Stacey Augmon, Reggie Minton. Just shook all their hands in a period of five minutes. Amazing event at I wanted it but i didnt have T-mobile. grog had a bowl cut and chris spilled milk on his phones. Final Friday, Reds game, Princess & the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on. You are welcome! RT Thanks for following Your forgot new Devo! And Drake! I use to hang with John Torturo at starbucks on 7th n 1st in Dark Slope Brooklyn. Hes there all the time! that's whats up preach. YES. I need to up my 6 followers...still learning. Gimme a week or 2 Using Zotero to create bibliography. Many typos in metadata. Assume this is an entry issue or oversight, yes?Crowdsourced proofreading? We're glad we could help you celebrate. Could you also tell we still have his red hat here. thanks for all the great tips on the LinkedIn and Twitter webinar. Glad you're in Columbus as well. Plus, network to cable access? Tom's contract talent!“: me the sidekick to Gray TV? I'll pass. I want my own show.” New look for Christmas lights fund - Exmouth Journal New look for Christmas lights fund Exmouth Journal The Exmouth Christmas Lights grou I still don't get how someone walks into a propeller and it is someone else' fault you can do it!! that had to be an awesome day in your life. LOL @ how much I ate tonight and how I decided to lower my guilt - by walking home from a realllllyyy far place lol Cantor can't get anything done because of his attitude. If this persist he will hurt both himself & the GOP politically!!! Veterans Job Fair tmrw 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way. Some attending: Prudential, NJ Transit, Target, Home Depot, etc. RT : RT : Blood Clinic at Steveston Community Centre this weekend. Beautiful weekend to come out and donate!!! Horrible way to start the day : Getting woken up by your credit card company calling you about how to avoid more late fees Gotta hand it to my fellow Deering Alum Ryan Flaherty, making his first start in LF ever. Great catch! The word feedback is the shortest english word that uses the letters a b c d e and f Thinking abt Blue Note this time... Thoughts? Give someone a smile today, you will make their day:) whats good bro. Either that, or I've officially retired. The Lithuanian team is coming back. More good weed. :) Good game last night! Let's hope the #Colts pull off an upset this Sunday... Good Night what ever happend to Jay La Soul? Self Directed IRA Rollovers – Exactly what are They? Why Would ... #Joyce letters give a mindset and literary history of the time. In his own literature, Joyce is autobiographical. Letters expand upon that. That moment when u see the love of your life, when u haven't seen him all day, & your heart starts to race, & u feel a flush 34 Menopause Symptoms - Learn all about each menopausal ... Contact if you're in need of a songwriter to work with at Giants vs Cardinals and thinking of you NICE! must come tour :) One we both know of from yrs of personal exp is Latoya brown-jones at brownsugar salon lithonia ~ek im a unicorn Alone in a crowded room, screaming but no one hearing. Taking but no one listening I hate Wisconsin more than any other school in the country... they drive me nuts where the hell was the booth? U gonna be there tomorrow? I kno I say lot of shit on here but ppl get on my nerve's & always throw old things in my face like 1 of my ex's did... That's y there ex's Big night, cocolate, culinary dvds & theme suppers- gifts from the hearth well you trying to go within the next two weeks? Sometimes, when your history is similar, you form a bond with certain people, and dont and don't mind sharing. After 14 long years, this day is finally here! UK gets their 8th Championship Tonight! your welcome. Where u from? I don't know this guy, but I see him at the library all the time. And pardon my french, but he's an asshole If you view an entire thing it looks that it's always gorgeous. Wow, life is a cute bitch full of estrogen and when she givess you lemons nigga throw 'em at pedestrians. I'm hungry. Someone come feed me I'll see if I can convince - she loves tater tots. And nachos. No one wants their retrospective to be constantly held in the secondary market. Ditto that! RT nice :) dark chocolate for me please! ^J yarn,knitting needles... ugh...I'm very confused.. Haha The decision has been made im officially moving to Florida once I get married Our second annual film festival is on October 14-16! Submit your best films by June 30th at midnight! www.astorialicff.com! I hate that I misspelled Spoelstra. i got botox balls.. would you lick these balls lol in my dave chappelle voice Riding for Bike Safety so i basically quit softball. lol wut. Barbara Tuchman~ To a historian libraries are food shelter and even muse. #AskAustin what's ur hat size?!? well, that's disappointing. I straight loved LAST LIFE Yay for the NEW FLOOR! Heat? What heat? Oh yeah. Hahahahaha RT : clippers gear is still available for purchase in la. it's never too late If you like #Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street. dear come to Dubai! Now!! Xoxoxo "If this town is just an apple... Then let me take a bite" -M. Jackson <U+0001F34E> Hello New York!!!! I have figured out what my BLACK FRIDAY special will be! Stay tuned!!! ~Amber Now refs are getting involved in the game. Just what we all want to see, traveling and fouls... The NTS (2010) - 36.1% trips under 2 miles + 53.0% under 5 miles are by car - what implication does this have for transport planning? super basic stuff that can probably be done with imagemagick. Let me send you an email. Like next maybe I can start on my Life Limitations section and we can utilize the same policy about what needs to be critiqued So full! End of the Year work party was great! Maybe shopping now?.. Library is closing for the day, but I've got a huge piece of librarian rum cake to take home with me. I need bendy wire... but WHERE THE FUCK do you get it?! -.- oh makes sense LOL same at my school(kinda) I will(: I miss talking to my son (: Hey you how are ya??? On my way to the SF RAW Showcase .... poor is gonna be there before me..... sorry girl.. I need carpool.... lol Getting ready to pitch at #icsf "New Kids on the Block" panel. Cop: get out of the car and put your head behind your hands Your welcome . :) One of the best episodes ever. 4 square should not allow cherry bombs. Not now. Not ever. Watching tv, you? :) Is it customary to want to cry on your children's birthdays hahahs I don't want him to grow up! Thank you for the letting me know- drive safely out there :) Feels Great To Be Up This Early ! Just got back at the skate park it was great i keep landing some of the tricks that i learned is everything ok babygirl #nytm Youngest demo-er All I 4.5yrs and embracing the stage. Awww VOTING ENDS TODAY at 6pm! Speak up! Let your voice be heard! Vote for your SGA Execs! #ImWithATK #ATKforSGA #VoteOrDie! And I moved to DC why? MT Highs in mid 70's today, 80's tomorrow. 90's Easter Sunday in #Tucson? Looks possible... Austin Vs 1D Wow He's Come So Far(': nothing new what about u ? oh yeah! There's one at the VisArt center here. I think it's mostly art pieces at that one though. For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation. we're all drowning in our tears over Turn To You, imagine what we'll be like when we hear Believe, the song justin wrote for US... omg. Daylight savings time - I love you! It's 6pm and light out Never tell that you've served roadkill for dinner. there's now a blinking light above our vending machine at work, Everytime I put a coin in I feel like Im feeding Zoltar from "Big" the movie RT : 80legs.com is a nice tool to scrape websites. They give simple data access methods. would love to see that presentation! I am quite new to twitter. I have about 500 followers in my field. I think my tweets are useful. But have to ask: Is anybody reading them? ITS HOT AS FUCK IN HERE! Had a great performance tonight with lot's of fun & received an amazing compliment from an important director lady (84)! YAYYYYY!!!! sort of. physics i just refresh my memory.haha, whataboutyou? Another reason for cheer: Jenna, who takes her picks really seriously, wins dtlmadness. how have you and your writing been? Sit Toney's bum ass down. what about me? Negotiate contacts w/ licensors that refund u for downtime not extend dates if contract. nite r u goin to be on twitter tomorrow?? Yes, most definitely -- soon. EWB is a case study in the book, so we may need a follow-up chat someday. I dont have any at all now sir... sorry... if i did i would! MY RUDOLF PIMPLE HURTS SO BAD. thanks for the follow! great store way too nervous to even talk to hm Wana club tonight .. My birthday is in 10 days and it would be the best birthday of my life if u would follow me :) I would never forget it They’ll probably never do business with you, and they won’t refer you any new clients or customers Join the Portland #PDX Social Network and Share Events at www.Facebook.com/ThingsToDoinPortland - Your place to promote local events! that's the attitude I like to say this but I feel I will someday ...<U+2665> C: Pokemon Black is super fun!!!! Need a little pep before the big game? Why not stop by Mocha's and gear up with our Cookies & Cream Blast? Enjoy the harbor cruise, BU seniors! Screening Zombie Rocker @ The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today! The Brewer room is coming along really well. Waiting for the yellow to dry before the second coat. Then my special twist thanks for the follow... Site will be live soon... Looking or models! send us a note at and we can def try to find a solution for you! :) Great conditioning workout this am. Ran a total of 2400 yds, rowed 2500 meters, and did 300 double jumps with jump rope in intervals AUSTIN! How was your day?(: Soldiering through the sinus infection and back to poker. Playing 3/600 mix last 2 days at the local card room as warm up for crushing LAPC Even the scrubs bustin ass. well thank you, but you notice how there's always a paci in her mouth :) gotta keep that adorable little mouth corked!!! I can't wait to see that! It's the #SIFF2012 movie I'm most anxious to see. good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by. Wondering if Sherman really needs the next 12 interstate exits... Or if Denison really needs the next 10. The nose on my Gaillac is a little tight, but it's dark and smoky on the palate with a bitter bite to it at the end. Thank you! :) love you! glad you had a swell time<U+2665> Merry Christmas! #VCU is at it again! C'mon Rams, you can do this! yes, I mean...what do I call her? That sounds old doesn't it. God I'm old...and tired. ;) Video is uploading now! I have special video for you guys today! Two in one day! tonight is gonna be funn!< 3 (: Those unis are so terrible. Louisville looked like garbage last night, and Baylor will tonight too. Love the video! lol you're speaking nonsense Not sure who's jamming the music here in Bellevue but Los Alamos fire chief confident WIPP-bound waste barrels will not burn; they'll tackle any spot fires nearby "immediately" Love the notion of gamification of documentation and questing discussed by Coral Cantigas is now a twitter! YES! I get that way too. Oh so fucking great. It's like he's almost weeping. I am terrible luck for the Reds. Getting ready to present at Google Doc's Missouri Association of School Librarians I get it in til the sunrise Studies show that the females who shop at Walmart are substantially thicker than the ones who shop at Target I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp! are you at the signing yett? Do you have a record collection to sell? We pay top prices for mint condition LP records E: And with that I retire to dinner and fun with my boy trying to forget this pitiful performance. “Myself” refers back to the subject: “I’m typing this tweet myself.” It’s not a substitute for “I” or “me.” we have a new song: rain sleet snow or hail, justin never fails :D yes it all started by Pilar&Daniella Bieber :D it will catch on. awl, you are too cute!! Take a chance roll the dice.. money can't buy ya love cuz its over priced We'll I gotta go it's freakin 12:18 am and I'm going to Philadelphia today. Up all nite tryna touch these bands! Yo! BADGER PASS SKI AREA TO OPEN THURSDAY, JANUARY 26 recent snow storms dropped more than 24 inches of snow!! yay!! thanks for the #ff shout out! Lucky enough to see Pgh Public Theatre do "Freud's Last Session" w/ some great, great friends. Great production & great company I know the feeling. Awful. This weekend was alot harder than I thought it was going to be Solid victory tonight beating OLMC #Monica moving on Night Court-Martial (Thanks, !) Exploiting the equity of the Darth Vader is very creative. chayna put that work in... And history will be made Need a yoga class to quiet the mind and escape. yo what station yall be on now Happy 28th anniversary to my wonderful parents This dude did not just say hes valid like salad lmfao!! Omg haha Agreed. For a doll, that's really rediculous. Ok Big Guy, Lets see if you have any balls now! Neal leaves his feet, Asham with a Match Penalty, Suspend them now! well just curious, share a title LOL #smnpchat preparing for layoffs now! in response to mandated large budget cuts -- on the order of millions. not easy! Soaking up the atmosphere on southbeach.... RT USA Daily Deals Find the latest deals in your city across the USA Grinding Day 1b of the #WSOP Circuit ME. So weird when a tourney starts at 7pm. so how long did the egypt pres debate last? This account is pretty much dead. Stay safe Good Luck to Frank tomorrow!!! we love you here at the shakedown! Ugh! I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!! Hi Sis! I hope all is well The program saying I unfollowed you. I stay in the clouds birds flyingv by and shit. Wow..never knew their wings were so colorful. my thoughts exactly I remember head down after you had found out manna is a hell of a drug Nice! I can appreciate that. Ready to rock at the Silver Moon at Lake Oconee, I'm playing all night! are you going to change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom not all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play... woo it's a cold wind in Boston, not any colder than Atlanta last week, but that was COLD! Looking forward to ALA and RDA anyway Tell Your Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day!! Shes beautiful, amazing, and we Love Her!! <3333 Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions? How complex is 2 + 2 = 4? yeah we're opening for them on their fall tour. Played Austin last week, pretty killer show. 2nite we're in aspen CO, milehigh! a mac user using chrome from denver, co via qwest comm (184.96.160.11) just tried to hack my contact form lol I don't understand why Vilma waited for the Commish to give his sentence and THEN defend himself. You knew it was coming... Going to sams club with my girl annie!(: Any feedback/suggestions on site would be greatly appreciated. In the meantime, I'm cooking dinner for my in-laws. ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE! (: either way i like you just the way u are. keep doin your thing bro im proud if you. Dont stop. By any means make it happen. Make this shit happen I'm excited! sfdailkf via Buffer Is it me or are Black men becoming extinct in television drama? how aboutss sunday for ticket delieveries?? :) How do I take this back to my business and improve it. #TamaraLive cr8.lv/tamarabiz Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its troubles. It empties today of its strength. If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there. We can't wait! My escapades were way classier than that, or so i hope No Twitter. I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION. QUIT EFFING ASKING. My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question over&over. RT : Having a Salad for lunch today...i feel u on that.. The only thing that's going to bother me is that you all called yourselves my friends I WILL! Finally Emilie, something bloody lovely comes to our news channel :3 haha yeah when my family had a shit load if money and had that nice ass condo!! Very obvious that pure economists & politicians cannot solve US debt issue. Time 2 look at successful scientists who r also good economists? Take proper care of your skin Thanks for the support <333 I wish the VGA connector would die off for good so I can stop carrying around so many converters and cables. You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London So if ur mom's group thinks ur spawn of Satan, does that make ur mom Satan? You get to throw fireballs at everything! The movie battleship looks like pearl harbor with aliens I hate fake hoes Me and snowflake are over! :,( a good bisou is always lovely! xo By the way, I checked on wikipedia. Both of them are 19 (Legal) LOL. I went to McDonalds and your brother asked if I was Kayla because you showed him a picture of me a few months ago! looks amazing LOL. I wish I had more time to write. I have idea's coming out my ears. Don't panic RT : RT : The Link between Technology and Cognitive Stress by - New post on... I do not have a formal program, but direct message me and we can discuss more. and Ustream wont download on my phone. this sucks:(. Tell me how it is:DD I don't want a new social network. I need a new internet. Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution RARS breakout alert thanks, you too :) We are looking forward to having you back! Are you heading back to MKE in between visits? Nothing really just being bored out of my mind and tired!!!:| As always, #hbrchat is THE fastest hour of the week. I'm still hungry $1 shipping! Get your sperantsa gear now! I use to mess with her YATES CO SHERIFF: Penn Yan Police Department phones are back in service with drake and we are drunk as fuuckkkk yes! We've been giving at least one out every year for the past 8 years, I believe. This year's winner is from Grants HS. Turns out Nautica really neutralizes B.O. I got so much anger inside of me. Love seeing brands use experiential to drive ambassadorship. It has to be a commitment. I accidentally turned images off in firefox.... the net with no images is a sad dreary place. Want to give a big Thanks! To all my followers! Why is my stomach making such weird noises..? Got that crazy courage Sick of fussing with senseless people, it's really is pointless and a complete waste of God given breath. SMH @ myself Hatin on and b/c their real.. GM #follow this group of dynamic women and stay udated with the latest is #Atlanta. #nowfollowing them you should too!!! “: Dear God, today I woke up. I am healthy. I am alive. thank you.” hahaha someone got to change the bed sheets now =p Love you, moo. . love your coffee & espresso! hey Matt! I just saw your e-mail. I'm going to contact you today. I want to thank the people of Egypt who risked their lives to making the world a better world. Happy Friday! Everyone recovered from the food comas and ready for the weekend? okay you too :/ Morning everyone..It's raining. :O they are everywhere!!! taking over the world love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S & N when I was a tot mine is up to date, last done in 2010. :) Thanks for the RT, Warren! BTW, do you have any cocktail recipes that use Verjus? "Learning is not compulsory, but neither is survival." -- W. Edwards Deming <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44C><U+2600>RT : Life's good. Fuck the forecast cause everyday is sunny. This nigga said yo mama so fat, when you came out you had stretch marks ha The Asian lady upstairs is freaking out like crazy, she be stompin on the floor and shit. I'm like calm yo titz! bcuz imma stay with my grandpa :) RT : Your face is racist Looking for new shades to bring in the new year??? www.windowfashionsnm.com has all of your home or office shades you need! Visit us today! Ohh hey sexy college boy in my living room with a broken knee. #SaySomethin is an awesome song I love it (: <3 Learn how to search for registered #trademarks using the Trademark Electronic Search System today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center. Just watched a live taping of went good! Decent weather and a lot of heart being shown. Some young guns stepping up. I like that! RT Heard this at a recent TEDx event "cover bands don't change the world" so be passionate, unique, original Springbreak went by way to fast. Back to school tomorrow...sadly. RT Brookhaven Farmers Market Pint Selection: Raspberry White Chocolate Crisp, Bourbon Burnt Sugar, Mango Chile Lime,.. RT - Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get. Peace out Buffalo! Sitting next to and on the plane... Reports of police massing at Calif Capitol as education protests drag on. Palomar students in Sac to protest fee hikes should be gone now A promoter can be your best friend or your best enemy. 3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching. 2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot 3.Now you're smiling I'm zabzuta u ass eating ass nigga still at palmetto ? Hey! Thanks for connecting. Plz follow back. No!!! I'm so sorry to hear. Get lots of rest, & I highly recommend watching all 3 seasons of Community between naps. pliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss follow me answer Thanks April. Make it a great day! Dinner time > Like Davison's piece on depressions. Will sample more this week and get back to you. yet could never beat us two years in a row in NY. kudos Hey Everyone! Been a long and productive day! How was YOUR day? Whatever the story is you're telling...be consistent. Remember what you said. Congratulations to the new President and VP - ! GOODNIGHT Y'ALL. Watching Workaholics ^-^ is there a Video on YouTube were he said that I wanna watch it!!! why do rich people assume we want to nno how they got rich is following her so you should too!!!!! FOLLOW <FOLLOW very cool! Steve Dushocki......."the Party's in his Pants" I have five BBQS to hit today, the J.Periiod show tomorrow and Coney Island Wednesday. who says there aint shit todo? Apparently, Ron Artest sponsored the ending of Madonna's halftime show. Can't sleep. WHO'S UP yayyyy <3 I know you happy now :) I miss march, that was a good month Edline ok map fe rele *Lets pray* Lazy Sunday watching Home Movies. No luck for the Irish tonight Another gorgeous Day in Baltimore.........Somebody tell me why the high for today is nearly 80 degrees and its like November... the catholic church only has feast days so they can feel guilty about it the next day :-P theres so much to do so little time Finally sitting found a way to link all my internet communications so I don't have to check or post separately...ping.fm Jay-ism #10 - "Be smart enough to know that you don’t know everything. " It is weird being on the other side of the table at a craft fair ie. Spending money Lisa Jackson, the EPA Administrator, is about to begin a town hall here at Exciting! Quit stabbing me in the heart with ur broken promises. Today is November 4th, and in 4 short days, we can elect Mayor Coleman to a HISTORIC 4th term! Thanks for following, Kevin! Just needed to let u fake ass hoes kno dat! She's just nice to u bitches.. Why? Idk that's just her damn auto correct...I meant haha Can you recommend a good pair of running shoes for wide feet? Now on to debate for budget. Not good for investments in kids. So excited for tomorrow <U+0001F60A><U+26BE> What would your mothers say?! PT receptionist position open in a Wis. gov't office (Madison area). DM me your e-mail address & I'll forward the e-mail if interested : (Obviously the ending of that video will be getting one last edit - "Oh wait...they changed their minds...nevermind.") Some of these girls are so gullible Thank you for following us, we have great information to aid in protecting you & clients identity… RT Thank god for waking me up We are planning to attend Penn State, Pitt, & Alabama's spring games to demo our tailgating game. #MUCat The MU Cataloging curriculum summit begins with an informal discussion of the Oxford comma. Absolutely! If you bought a ticket, please refer to outlet where purchased for refund. Thankful 4 all my followers! he bet as a manager. when you're betting FOR your team. Days that you don't bet is the same as betting against... Oft times on a morn such as this I am fearful of falling asleep on the MAX, missing my stop, and being dumped off at the Expo Center. when will u be in Denver I'm a tough act to swallow. I love how you randomly pimp me out. My sister is in town haven't seen her for months. Much better than going out anf losing money. My bruh came thru in morning with early bday breakfast. Good Looking out it was much needed (: That awkward moment when you scream uncontrollably because you've read one too many tweets/updates starting with "That awkward moment..." TPC Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon. Don't mind if I do, wish could join Just got off work I'm like crying haha I'm so exhausted. for real! It sucks it's do far though "It seams like fake is the new reaI" I call them Rogan" for Man & Women ProTip: When someone gives you an Amazon gift card, it will not work when you try to redeem it on iTunes, no matter how many times you try. He loves his family and his fans <3 Clarification to recent post about parents sleeping w/ infant: Just to be clear, bed-sharing puts babies at risk and is NOT recommended! Jerk move by Knicks or by Chauncey?? I will write this book. And it will become a movie. Starring George Clooney. what is LTN?? Ha! No, I wasn't trolling. But now I will. yeah what about you? Glickman study sesh? My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls <3 :D By statute, Governor of NY must take full salary. Since Cuomo had promised 5% cut, he must take the full salary and donate 5% of it himself I can't wait to bring my family to the Reno Basque festival tomorrow to experience some new entertainment and food! Yes, a natural, complementary stress buster for I recommend for bye y'all. decoratig my school locker the 13th my whole locker is dedicated to , , , & (: #Swag (: Since I never got my poster, I want Q to know that as recompense, he should attend my wedding in November. is a combo breaker. No mention of his band #AllTimeLow in his twitter name. #Respect or #Shame ? Or used taxpayers dollars to get birth control like or decided to live an alternate lifestyle like ! lol can't wait to see you tonight Alyssa!!!! Got to red my pretty penny tonight and bum the grizz game and milkshakes off val and jeff tonight. Holy hell Draw Something is crack. Good luck. well just remember, Corbin weighed around 150 his first competition. Some guys are bigger than others, Reporting for duty!!!!! well, you only get 140 characters.. It's hard to be nostalgic when you can't remember anything. Arguably the longest day of my life lol goodnight. Favorite action films with a female lead? male lead? RT - I think the Jacksonville Jaguars should create and join their own league called "Legends of the Hidden Temple" Summer we will miss you! I am so grateful for this new direction. Thank God for His guidance Rihanna really got a tattoo that say "THUG LIFE" wow. Ri I love you alot but u aint no thug. Ok I guess. The most simple act of kindness is simply a smile. ~ A.D. Williams can you please wish a happy birthday?! :D PLEASE!!!<21 (Slowly raising hand to see if anyone really believes me than quickly back down) Nope u sexy af Thank you for saying "snot" at the Grammys. You know what snotty snotty...you won that party! Congrats! You deserved it. As it should Jimmy Clausen has several fake IDs so he can get numerous free birthday meals at Denny's throughout the year I hope this is not bad!! #impatient #hurry # we have a coffee truck too! Why does sex sell so well? I would give you some muffins but I can't... <U+0001F622> omg I was thinking that!! love u too nique and thank u for allowing me to spend time with my niece. My crew is attending CNG repair and conversion school this week and will be state certified by the end of the month Kevin Hart: great @ end of this week's Modern Family. He's funny because he's REAL. He's got enough courage to tell the truth in his work. I don't want some crackhead llama!! You gonna ship it I'm from Chile? Haha I'm sitting here hoping some thing good happens All appears to change when we change. Happy National Puppy Day! #Didyouknow Aromatherapy is safe for pets? My dog loves the Yun Aroma Diffuser! it's rain because i can't make you love me. I don't find you being funny AT ALL. good morining everyone and HAPPY VALENTINES <3 in the air today I'm curious to know who's at Ari's party right now. :] Not if you feed him well. My friend keeps threatening me that he's going to get me a puppy. He would actually get it. hah oh boy. Thanks for the mention! Next Alternative announced that they have entered into a contract with Ontario-based Canamet Resources. N4H.DE Great American Smokeout on Saturday, from 9 a.m. Smoke free America's mission is to motivate youth to stay tobacco free, or smokers to quit "boy you can say anything you wanna, I don't give a shh! no one else can have ya, I want you back, I want you back, want you want you back!" tickets up for grabs today before 6pm. Listen for the cue to win!! Thank you Arsenal for dropping points, Love Spurs! Just left million dollar house... amazing! If u can or could would you buy one? She got her a replacement Phone I need me one... Thanks homegirl. Hair theme! :) Wish you have a 80grade performance tonight! I will miss tonight but it was awesome to see master mind behind on our way to #rage I hope you're prepared? Geolocation, push-based ads help to inform and to sell, but what can they do to improve non transactional exchanges? What did you do tonight? Oh well i defended Azeroth from the impending Horde attack. Yeah, the important shit. I think everybody should come to Walmart and buy some cookies from me and support my mission trip. Heading to to see Mark Morris! Friday!! Tha <U+0001F480><U+0001F480> RT : Bring me some ! Thanks RT : Now off to get these BWW wings yessir Nice Work! what teacher is this? LMAO:) - You must be a mind reader. Getting ready to get a cam and look into that soon. Chow=Dog food #808Pride "dont judge a book by its cover...unless u read the back" guess who told me that?!?! If doesnt follow me I wont be #Chill :/ Happy Golden Birthday have a marvelous day! No problem. Hope had a Great time at her gig. (: My good lord, i missed that last night, but I cannot stop watching this .gif. Flinch every time. Cycling thru the catalogue on the way to Grandma's house with Can't wait for the rest of the team to arrive in San Diego and for #alamw11 to kick off later today! A good name is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever. Haha! Good choice, I love me some ! Ehhhhhhhhhh....stick a pin in that idea. We'll visit it later.... hates my typewriter lol There was a time when I wouldn’t have worried about this...she knew I was on her side. Jealous. Karen is da bomb! House of hunan* ... Really like Yo La Tengo. Remind me of dinosaur jr., wilco and ween in varying doses. nigga you know I have impeccable grammar skills. I need not blame; I just know. So, I am giving up clubbing, getting a real job to impress and eventually marry a nice girl. No more weekend update with stinky Seth. Prepping for Shirim radio show tonight - catch me on the air streaming live www.wcuw.org 8-10pm eastern! Ahh going to be cold and rainy/windy this week... it would be all good if it was just snowing all week.... Yes, likewise!! Had a great time yesterday. Let's def do drinks soon :) thanks to your screening.... RT : #BullyMovie FINALLY receives a PG-13 rating! Thank you to all fans! i love you katy katycat Jim Philippone returns to co-host with Bob Brenna on this weeks Brenna and Brenna Law Forum Sunday morning at eight on WHAM 1180 clever! Clear lucite hair tinsel could be a new trend! :) re: responsibility... Means that the ultimate person in charge of the learning is the student. imo. Any #gf #glutenfree folks in #kansas? We've got some local retailers now stocking our cookies! have a nice life, i'm done trying to be in it. In Miami to present at Littler's Latin America conference on #FCPA and Thanks to and the volunteers. Today was a great race, although that last hill on Webster sucked... Haha. Thanks for following Chris! Stay stoked. thnx for follow :] RT The pistachio ice cream is awesome. Come and get it! - On my way with family in tow! they must not be playing then!! LOL! Or like a waxing moon. I hate driving school What happens to the audience you build after an exhibition-based blog/community closes? 4 day weekend. Aw yeah <3 I wish that would notice me i <3 her so much:)my brother was so lucky to work w u@ a photoshoot@ Milk! Wish I could meet u Caught up on the latest episode of and my heart is still pounding and my jaw is still dropped. Cannot wait til next week - "Hey, you wanna laugh, last week this prick asked me to baptize his kid." My cat just killed and ate his second moth of the day. #mothpocalypse descends upon Ever wanted to do #MMA or self-defense classes? Great deal: $300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T. for only $50. My sister just picked her nose. FRICKEN DISGUSTING. TOTALLY!! :D Also - How to be prepared, from your first interview to the full interview and final visit at the school district, follow happy anniversary! you are a twit for asking if it is a twit or a tweet. ;) love you dad! Xx Dear NC, Im a flower girl in a wedding 6/1!Thanks DC & the 2MEN that are in love & deserve to be married for that #LoveIsLove folks:) xoxo,B So I guess high wind warnings should be listened to. Got really gnarly on the lake and we were forced to turn around :-( nice picture you hush! It is what it is. #irallstars Q. I <3 talking to faculty, but I have 5000. What do I do? Royster: new faculty orientation is useful, physics profs' vitae. - Thank you for the motivation, Megan! Hoes Want Attention....Women Want Respect...! Committee, city and donors are working to bring Christmas lights to downtown ... - Abilene Recorder Chronicle Committee, city and donors PARTY FUCKIN' TIME! Okay, cool Great to see w/ a bogey-free 7-under (65) to take the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational. hot bubble bath and I will be his personal loofah! ;) lets make a toast! It only has 160 calories! !! Who:-) Can't wait! Rev Al Sharpton Know in his Own Religious Book. the Bible Lev. 20:13 man lay with man, woman lay with woman says it a Abomination! hey omg i love your music so much no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke. =) CC is looking healthy and ready to rumble! Love it! I still have my tamagotchi lmao hey hey hey! I thought we were friends? Hey family! I knew it! I shud have come to school high as fuck, I would be cracking up instead of falling asleep in class >_< We just all got ran over by a hamster ball. When you want to text, no one texts you. When you don't want to text, they all text you. Rosie I got the days off soo I will be in Denver from friday until sunday on the 11th I like the #! Oh my god - we just signed the closing docs on our first ever home! We will get the keys tomorrow or Thurs! "All you need is love." - John Lennon Sweet. Have you seen Manufactured Landscapes? Rivers and Tides? Visual Acoustics? Or that Rem Koolhaas doc? (the latter's on deck) Nope, I just don't have a flash drive on me. And I'm not familiar with SneakerNet. I don't think I can find a word that's even close to describe my night. :) Not only does have to get used to the time change, but Mahomies do too. Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, can't wait to graduate! D; Sometimes I get sad reading 's tweets Him RTing all those other lucky fans knowing that will never b me</3 and what exactly has Dan Snyder done recently to justify that? :/ I have no idea who to talk to about that. It would be so amazing to see you guys though. Though the key word there is probably "idly" :) can u give us a hint?? ah I just realized I haven't wished you a happy birthday yet! Have a great one! Catching Up With the Director of the Met I just want everything to be all right.... girl ya boy is ridiculous! lmao did u enjoy my dance moves?(; I hate being on probation. I believe I only have one more year. Woot. Haha. Hate this place! El Dooque encourages all the LAtin ladies to "Tap-a-tio" (Bang a guy) Yep. it was mine. 1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long. I'll have to edit though. #drydensocial 7000 pictures. Ur welcome": thank you (:" A lot of people sounding off about Facebook buying Instagram. What say you, people of the Internet? Conceivable that Downs runs away with closer role? The Goose schooling Todd Heap is hilarious. What am I doin.? What am I doin.? Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin me, I'm doin me, I'm livin life right now man and that's what I'ma do ... Boy, Atlas Shrugged has been on for 10 minutes and it's already unbearably awful. Lights out I'm crashin' looking forward to dreaming #ilikethatalot -CheetoS Wait, is that a plate of brownies? youur welcome love ( : you should double up on your bagel supply! :) On Monday, I'll be tweetin from the 2nd Happiest Place on Earth --> Disneyland! Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. feeling the droid x love. now that I have my own, not works, more customization going on. Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life. The fact that won't tell me what's wrong!!! <<<<< I'm heart broken hahaha </3 Sunrise over Mt. Rainer. Beautiful morning in Seattle. Happy Easter! May your day be filled with loved ones, great food, fond memories and the grace to live tomorrow to its fullest! The goal today = win! Goodbye USA... and I are now on Next stop, Atlantis! Its like Game 7 intensity! Well, in a way it is Game 7 for the Hawks. I wish we had seen this kind of display in LA last night. In Pokemon, using Attract on an opponent of the same sex will not affect it. Therefore, Pokemon doesn't support homosexuality. hey please RT this(zendaya you are the best actress ever and you rock we love you so much coming from LAS VEGAS im in the mood to act bad [; The list of shows canceled/rescheduled grows: Yuni in Taxco with Feral Children going to Portland for a week, then LA for a week at the end of this month. Finding yourself out of town for the holidays? Zipcars are in over 170 cities world-wide; your membership works in all of 'em: bit.ly/tI2KLt yay this friday no school yay!!!! That is true my friend I've known Grenell a long time. He's sharp, and really good at his job. It's a weird situation. I'm surrounded by fur. Both kittehs are snoozing next to me, and Grace is using her brother as a pillow. That's good to hear :) Well I'm not doing so good right now. Lol,yeah it is. Suprised you replied ack. I see you from afar and you rockin' the cap. Spent the morning Love listening to Blessings for a great week! What's good dude I haven't talked to you in forever. I'm hoping there's no satanic ritual involved, but if that's what it takes to get the train moving again... Everyday at 11:11 I make the same wish, that I will meet even if ppl continuously tell me it won't happen ;) I'm so hungry, and so lazy. What's a man to do? just applied to three colleges (= Very bullish on Netflix stock (NFLX). NFLX market cap is too low. NFLX on its way to 150+. Stock market has bottomed. Bullish on AAPL too Congrats!!!!! That will make for a great 2012!! Travel Goal #1 (Make Excellent Time): Achieved. Doorstep to doorstep in 9:22! And, no digging deeper than 18 inches into the sand. Will the Baywatch team be enforcing this? :-) #LetsDoThis -- get me to 250 followers by the end of the week! Fingers crossed first tweet down, many more to go... she's 4'11 and can party harder than all my friends combined Hearing lots of ideas about what it'll take to improve public education in San Diego at a Parent Empowerment Summit in Balboa Park. (Rich) Wow... Couple of possible Class A EVP's now from Nick. Look forward to analyzing further. Still have my audio and video to review! Creating new Facebook business pages for Florida DUI lawyers. Make sure your firm has a good Facebook campaign. The editing is getting better on #thePitch but lose the dramatic sound design. This ain't a ghost hunting show #MUSICNEWS When I first listened to 'I Got Time' by Domino Go, I knew their music was something to get excited about. With an abundance o Causing trouble for and on Facebook. As the Mayans prophesied. Loading the bus to head to the arena. Looking forward to the boys regrouping and taking one from the Huskies. We'll take a split This winner can spell RT : Today, they bought a frier. everything is good so far a very mild winter here so nice to ease into. How are you? #luv that room so f'n much #teammeatballs cant wait for the show!!!!! thank you! :) gonna be giving away a free tee. stay tuned! She is working a lot WUT IS THAT. Someone took my pic -.- learned at #marac Omeka workshop that Google Chrome is a good way to preview possible CSS changes, all within the browser. The district is focused on increasing academic rigor and using data as one way to measure academic progress going to school to pick up my books today :) yayy Confession shots! Oh shit <U+0001F601> Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #88: Annoyed Jeremy Guthrie's always asking him to fix his bike chain. kindness, humility, respect... oh wait, that's what ALL religions originally intended huh? some of them evolved into fakers~~ :P I haven't been on twitter in awhile..Because I was hanging with my friends(: But I'm back! Santa r u real or fake? no santa drinks in front on 4year old children.... yup, they definitely aren't pulling a fast one on anybody. Ladies Night Out at Xtend Barre Scripps Poway!: The team from Bloom Natural Health will also be around to offer their health boosting... New Fun. on Spotify. Makes me happy on this Wednesday, and much needed. Music calms me. - Great to connect via Twitter. Thanks for the kind words on yesterday's session. I hope you're finding the Summit interesting. hey a jobs a job. I've gotten suckered into buying shoes there before. Curse you! Good effort tonight! Only 9am & already staring at the menu to see what I'm having for lunch Caught "Hanna" on HBO--what a terrific, intelligent, stylish thriller. A modern fairy tale ... great film-making! she shed a lot? don't be sorry breh. If you don't remember it, It didn't happen well im going too sleep, goodnight lil sis, love you <U+2764> #RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules. The Queens in Queens? Who'da thunk it. :) Have fun! that's good what's ur plans for this short week We are pleased to announce that has become one of our partners! They'll be added to our website shortly! #FOLLOW them! RT : RT: S/O to Ohio for making it's way to the tournament. Ugh I can never fucking sleep. All I do is think of you and wish you were mine again. I wish she would just go away -_- nice start THey were all singing & they put all the teens up in the front EVERYBODY was criying some lady was making this girl shiver Lol I love how I've been in and out of consciousness since after school :b Absolutely! Thanks for sharing on Twitter! Mee! I bet its great!:) We need a server side Java Developer - STAT! #ATX #Jobs #JavaJobs #JBOSS #SOAP DM for details how much u charge for nipples and industrial? Taking clothes to a donation center: pants, shirts and sweaters. #PhD #School #Motivation #Ugh Can’t wait for this semester to be over, so I can do something not school related ! We have a new server ready - vpn-co25 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now. the line of support vs marketing is one we struggle & work with everyday. Great presentation! RT : Thanks to , LIFT-The Bronx has connected Bronx residents to over $117K in #benefits since January 2012! Ribbon Hero can be used to learn how to use the ribbon. Use Google to find this great training tool. hahahaha you're such a cutie :D xx Hey Bob - Are you still in Dexter Michigan right now? Follow Back Loving the tuesday/thursday Schedule A bihhh be cranky when she ain't getting none all of my employees are on Sprint, so I'm likely going to wait and switch from Verizon. No idea what "coming soon" means though. Unfortunately, some who really need it would never want it. Might be going to Eddys Attic in GA to see oct 3 <21 Gotta ask, whos doing your shirt printing? We've gone through about a dozen companies to find a GREAT one! going to ko, goodnight twitter <U+E056><U+E13C> How do you like Seattle compared to Atlanta? And when will you be an official Seattleite? :) #clooneywatch downtown on reading road right now! #ImThatPersonWho needs A LOT of space around me when watching a sporting event. She probably had something in her eyes lol>>>this cute girl just winked at me with both eyes at the same time. ((: thanks brutha! livin for the one who gave his life for me ya dig #hth2012 Frank: quotes science. 50.2% of researchers report data only available on their own personal machines Just arrived in Seattle. Need a coat. SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English - We Speak It. History - They're dead get over it. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish - We Have Dora. It looks incredible thank you for all you did!! I'll try to have fun just so this doesn't go to waste!! :) Tunnel vision all i see is money shouldn't there be something called "play ethic"? Look at The crowd lol Very proud of myself! Summer session has only been opened since Monday and I have submitted my first three assignments. RT : Been informed the NCAA's early-entry deadline has indeed been moved up to April 10th. Much earlier than ... that is “: OH EM EFFING GEE!! just watched last nights Scandal!!!” hate it's ending next week so it looks like we're *all* super guilty :( In the meantime, Economic importance of coffee and tea Coffee and tea. Great tribute to #mikewojciechowski tonight Way to go Woj! -- maybe just an honest one.....have a nice weekend...DJ CAN U MAKE HIM JIZZ TWICE??? Happy St. Patrick's Day #Cincinnati! What are your plans today with/without the kids? #StPattysDayCincy <U+0001F340> I'll call you tomorrow... I felt somewhat bad today because I was helping one of my bosses select applicants to call for interviews, and my opinions eliminated some. If you are familiar with Iraqi company sources, please help a librarian out on helpalibrarian.com (see, Iraqi Companies) enjoying everything from the kitchen and the bar. Glad to have a new great spot in town! October 4th & 5th, Fortune is streaming the annual Most Powerful Women Summit to a virtual audience. I want to get a group together to view… im meeting you when you move to seattle lol if you find one to buy, let me know! who emailed it Indeed, it's as though "they" don't know where they are! #openyoureyes LOL And you take me the way I am. It's cold and rainy in Austin today. I think I picked the wrong day to wear shorts! Mingo at 3rd..come on down. Does she have a visual schedule so she knows to expect the unwanted activity & any positive reinforcement in place? Nice! Glad to hear Dilton getting some attention too! thanks bud :-) Putting the final touches to "We Come In Pieces"---- don't wake daddy turns into don't wake baby Awesome... my poptart that I brought for lunch just hit the floor. Both of them!!! I am crazy Yep, where was it from? Martz needs to tell Haine that he needs to hike the ball before the click hits :00 Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down <3 Thanks for the follow! Therese somthing people need to stop doin is talking about in a bad way,what have the done to you? People change, I've learned to stay to myself! :/ nope too far away : THANK SO MUCH <3 Don't look at what you don't have. Look at what you have. Learn to appreciate the little things of life. (daryldorsey.com) Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge :) Stand by what you want and how you want and eventually you get it : you should join joe and I!!! When u coming to NYC?? 2 of my cats had abortions today.. went in to get fixed came out having abortions, CRAZINESS! If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return. how are you PatrinaMichelle??? No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch. zombie april flowers “: joining the gang for our album launch party March 8th, very pleased!!” heck yes it is and amazing spot regardless where you stand. but its a hella of a drive by south coast. might need 2try this.. When aX Utry2 ignore text u,reply "Error code:56374 This sprint user no longer gives a crap about you"" geek meets dream girl on a train and spends 105 film minutes upgrading hygiene, fashion sense, and charm for love. The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. #quoteoftheday Cardio Time! #ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at #SLA12. Great to meet more of you Serious diggage so far. The ants fully hijacked this morning's wait at the doctor's office. Purchased a new Odyssey Putter yesterday in an attempt to cheer myself up aw your welcome! :p yeah, I cried! :L, thanks <3 i know, right? it's like people don't know what to do with themselves - i love the rain though, it's a nice change :D Making a Chicago Food Twitter List while on my lunch break. Suggestions welcome! I miss playing basketball & baseball I'm sure I'm not the only person who screams at the tv during Family Feud! - that is a quite absolutely beautiful and tremendous Truth ! Thanks for sharing ! JL16 I hope you like your pictures facing down. is that a sports story? Anyone with ooVoo can ooVoo me. I'm so bored! My username is kiaranewman1D lol we dvd everything, but have enough for every night! We haven't done the wire, which everyone says we must Busted! 45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians - San Antonio Express Right?...right? Don't pretend like you didn't at least give it a thought hahaha. Every girl likes flowers(; All I want to do is watch you're beautiful <U+0001F62D> I hate slow internet.. you guys made nice viewing partners for the 74th Annual Hunger Games! :) …We have a FREE program to assist survivors. If you know a survivor who may qualify, have them call (323) 549-5883 to set up an appt. #BosWsh Can't say the #Capitals aren't earning their money this series. Taking the bite out of the bear. A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love. don't forget the macarons. "Iron Price" would be way more black metal than both. haha yes a guy should pay for everything. if you guys have a genuine relationship money shouldn't determine the interaction But those would be political questions, not legal ones. Please, plz do a story on Liam Lyon! I'm begging u. This little baby needs help & needs it now or he will die. TCHosp needs 2 accept him. hey alex do you still have my copy of cyrano? But when I have your attention you look like the good guy Im playin #Madison on Such a danger to the stability of the universe must be destroyed! :) Yo! Did you know the app helps you find the nearest hot dog stand? It's true. And delicious. and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 73 Took in a double feature ..thought SLEEPING BEAUTY was ok but loved THE SKIN I LIVE IN Took a nap on a park bench Bitch get a life“ Your superior RT @ Bitch who are you“ Lol Is this a joke? I've seen dog shit cuter than you"” Interesting, sounds like a heart condition. Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued! my guess it's the man boobs. My talk on at the LUC Grad Research Symposium had surprising cxns to the next talk on Masculine Sacrifice in a Jesuit context. I tweeted it! (: Well trying to sleep last night just seemed impossible. Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video. search "skylarSKC" purely business research motive, why don't you like virtual bags? All That!! it's when the new little kids arrived and are being mentored by the older kids. I see Nick Cannon! Good times. Thanks for the RT! Happy Sunday. DYI U, You Tube EDU, Open educational resources are all moving use to teaching ourselves. It definitely sounds that way #mudmelt Andy: when we tell a story what r we not telling? Must old go away for new to arrive! Social issues in computing research still underway. Looking for alternative/radical pubs you may have re impact of computers on communities. I feel like a creeper because I retweet so much. Sorry his tweets are just good. ur imagines scare me It's happening & peace That's what I need its raining <3 o o another one. When louis was pretending to be mario. So freaking cute Saw, of course. Slipped my mind. See also Necromentia and Wound. Also something else I just screened whose title escapes me. One of the most bizarre quarters I have ever Thanks to everyone who helped PACK Fred's Texas Cafe last night! It was good to see y'all!! BEYONCEISPREGNANT# congrats to B & J Curt wanted the info on a run being held during TC. Thought it was you & 's Koman Run, but that's in Sept lmao daydreaming about food i be doin that too! Amen. RT : Theres nothing more beautiful then the sun setting over texas Hosting the ever present & much needed Bar Camp this Saturday - call 503.288.6200 or email to reserve a spot. Who's out and about? i didnt had space haha and NO you dont haha stop it i love you MORE M O R E M-O-R-E (: Thanks for the follow! Get in touch if you ever want to collaborate on a project, or need PR or social. way to start game 3 of the #WorldSeries. let's go cards! HUGE thanks to for offering to support the #Homeless #Coach with #Nokia technology! Hi I'm looking for A. Wang? I have the most annoying voice in the world. So do i hafta email you a guest list????? Well done. Makes me want a Mini that much more. send me a pic of them just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much.. Isn't it hard to tweet without hands? How do you type? chocolate candy for breakfast/lunch? no bueno :( Why people try and get over they want but dont want to pay the price Hurry up and text me back oomf told me i've changed so much the past month.. i really have, but i like it How, exactly, do you intend to convince me that you A) Know what "they deserve" and B) THEY don't know what "they deserve"? Iran, UN nuclear agency head for key Vienna talks - Hindustan Times happy 4th July everyone FaceTiming with :) she's amazing <3 RT : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. -Chinese Proverbs Last I knew, he wasn't expected to attend. Unless I missed it? haha RT Did Rob already walk the carpet? Welcome to my page! :) Thanks, Blythe! I'll drop off a copy at the studio for you! Also, Donald Kushner is interviewed in the book. Ask Brad who he is. Take away the NJ outlier and he already has RT It looks like Romney may soon overtake Obama in the RCP poll of polls Happy valentines day everyone! <U+2764> I'm referring to dance since I'm a student of all 3 flamenco teachers in town and I also help promote shows & workshops. Had a great visit in Texas ... Love my friends & family to death ...Had tons of fun.. Not looking forward to going back to Alaska ... 8-( While your proposal to end the BCS intrigues me I cannot in good conscience give you my support. Everyone in El Paso! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us! HOW DO YOU LOVE CHICAGO SO FAR ? <3 you guys are welcomed here any day ! So happy you enjoyed it! Sound the siren! Let's Go Blues! 1-0 Will do ! Myth- #Cosmetic surgery is about vanity. Truth- If you feel good about your body, you feel better about yourself. I love Boston, lived there for my DI at BIDMC. You gave me a smile with your Paper Source post. Great store! Happy national day of prayer <U+0001F64F> I know right? Everywhere I look! no clue lol. Follow my other account I use it more x You followed me back :D I thought I lost you their <3 calm yourself! Standard features include heated and cooled leather seats, genuine wood trim, and a 14 speaker (!) 600 watt sound system Question of the Day: What is the best DIVE BAR in MKE and Why? ......GO! Is there any availability on you 4:45 flight from midway to Atlanta? you know what that is just not acceptable. we can no longer be friends....oh wait we never were You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new #TDKR trailer, which I already have. I'll still go. Lol Ask Bruce to get it for the library. Clearly a vital resource. following the election results, realizing that there ain't shit gettin done the next two years. and fuck the tea party. “ There's healing in the name.... JESUS.....”Amen....Amen..Amen.. It's funny how ppl u jus meet within the last year or two become more loyal and a better friends then the ones u grown up with.. Thanks for great night for the Varali event. It was awesome! we've been following each other for a while but never talked! what part of NY are you from! Might as well go for a stroll. So nice outside. I'm sure is straight Audition workshop today from 3-5 pm. Studio theater. Spread the word. Especially because no one knows about it. did fundraiser happen already? thank you for having us! Had a great time! Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy! She is a JOKE! Most people just didn't get John Carter. Too manly. Indecision on modernizing it didn't help. For-profit health insurance companies have a fiduciary responsibility to make money for their stockholders, not care for the sick. YO FOLLOW BACK BLOOD ! Thanks Mindel! RT : Break another leg tonight! Lol my little sister is conceited. Kettle's on. Plenty of hand-wrapped and ribboned 6 packs to go filled with Portland's Best. Put a smile on someone's face with this gift. #love is fuckin awesome! we all wrk no play... So wats up leggo... Scott Brown is either a military colonel or a senator take your pick because both is a clear conflict of interest When your actions effect so much more Oh wow just wow... Ok well.. Your just jealous of my mockingjay whistle. bitch, you know you love this life. Do you still have them though? LOL RT : N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: The church can't possibly absorb all the single gay men joining the clergy Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed When you repeat a word multiple times >>><<<><<><<>> it sounds weird after awhile. So proud! I don't have to leave the room anytime I see the Ubisoft logo pop up on the TV Follow back please? =) -- Sent you a couple back.... DM Sorry for a slow response. My twitter is slow. Yeah its part of it but it's better to say it directly. 17th at Sawgrass, that big island water thingy. Woods, escapes. Fowler 6ft below the hole. Drama..... This lady won't stfu...she pissing me off #ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause he can relate to so many teenagers in this world. What is up with the Red Line this morning? Ugh. Saw a true hero in action today as man saved choking woman at #chipotle Do u know the My mom pre ordered black ops 2 without me asking her. She knows what's real your older one yeah. Cool man! I'm on Mil St but say hello to Tony's mom on the Sopranos might be my most hated character in any tv show or movie spoke about you with Coach Gregg Williams today, he speaks highly of you as do I! He is a great guy & good representative of Stacey Dash is everything!! R U willing to die 2self tht th kingdom (not a church) shall advance! Are u willing 2 suffer loss so others shall inherent eternal life! RT : my team name in college fantasy football is Holgoritaville. Hi. I love you. Okay. wow is this going to be a terrifyingly exciting 3rd period. 2-1. I car jacked you like Shaq shooting a three man get outta your Range Seems like you can never have enough flashes and pocket wizards... Brooklyn Nights, New York Life, Stay out late, I'm gonna Marry The Night. Friday Facts! All about #learningdisabilities today on the blog. www.knowledgesafari.com Just finished my photo shoot damn im exhausted :) sammich saved for tomorrow became midnight snack. Yeah got ett now have stomach ache Figures. Also wobbly from finale sob! Heir Whitetrash the only pitcher afraid of Jose Molina I swear to GOD , im comthable (; Hi Lorna! :) Happy Friday, how's my favorite movie maker? :) Really next time just tackle me because I'm awful at hugs. feeling bad.. Bae isn't here to comfort me! ditto “: Torque converter question: Hey guys i have a question about my tranny. " I think girls are naturally fake! #WeCantDateIf if you hate don't like me smoking weed Now Following, after a far-too-long delay, Mr. -- expect ridiculous non-sensical sports banter Dang my Christmas gifts as kid were nothing like the ones today. Glad the 'Easy Bake Oven' is still out there... it was one of my favorites! U keep talking about how better things are coming for you but I've never heard once of you not complaining about how your life sucks Bahahaha. Silly guys. shall I forward them some of my sweet moves? already following! <3 (: MacDonald's!? don't be sorry! <3 Today I will begin my #SyFy movie marathon with 100 Feet. Anyone seen it? LOL! RT : Cats humor people because they know that their ancestors ate yours. RT : Conservative strawmen aside, should note most #edreform groups think successful #teachers are UNDERpaid. where do people get off. I don't mind taking the occasional request, but come on.. Pizza is the "North Atlantic" - garlic cream, mozzarella, capers, red onion, smoked salmon, and spinach. $12. Mention it get free ravioli. Just followed 10 people, who wants to be followed next? (; tweet cool beans! hes funny!! didn't know his tweets would b that funny! :) can we interview this weekend? Oh, and my wife (I love you!) stomps the floor like an elephant herd every morning as she gets herself ready for the day I miss you like crazy! Really Doe I can't look at following anymore.. Im surprised is still following me. Hm I feel a shift in the atmosphere. Feels like the gloves are coming off, whether we're ready for it or not. well its close enough lol hahha Doubt Eli will ever match Peyton in charisma & camera-presence, but could still up his deals by $3M a year with a win. James Fairchild Opens in the Hamptons A new store from the former vice president for design at Ralph Lauren offers home and fashion items If you were going to try out for American Idol what song would you sing??? Dalton F talks about you a lot when hes talking to Karli in 2nd period I called.... Twice! I wish i could stay outside all day. Banned list for BF3 is getting bigger and bigger lol. Cry babies will be Cry babies years and years I'm choosing. #WEWORKIN Got one for us already #CUTDACHECK Lets get it in.... Oh cool, i didn't realize that & were using #backbone :D rock on. but u niggas suck, so u don't feel me i have the cutest best friend in the world Come with me, hail mary. Thank you all for following! shout out for shout out?:p not being able to get on twitter cause we have no wifi <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< -_______- fuuuuuuuu Well lets hope my New Year's wish comes true! On the edge of your seat, eh? Love the comment that says "I went to Jason's party. It was lame." lmao calm yo ass ! And no car accidents today stay home loll Yes we did! Thanks for the shout out! #BestTimeToSmokeWeed when your parents are out of town and you want to throw a house party! Go away, taking a nap Sittin in Bdubs and Kennan asked if he can have the PDiddy deluxe see you June 3rd..NY..at our radio show,, #Kfest - K104 - Skywalker Out of the play off's - no problem! go to www.playffnow and enter a game with your freinds. Put your own action on the game. RT : Just saw the track in Edmonton, it looks great long straights with places to pass it will be great race. Can't wait ... me being stressed = me eating ALL THE TIME = me gaining 500 pounds = me being stressed... WTF was that Kobe with a clutch shot? People say "um" a lot when they ask questions and preface those questions with lots of story. Man, I have to think that everyone in Philly is going to get tired of eating all of their free chili. my dog is 20 pounds of gray furry steel. shes kinda crushing my foot. Track day saturday :-) super stoked I can't wait !!!!! R6 is ready to go an I hope the r1 will be too #WhyDoIAlways Believe your lies? Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart. we truly appreciate the business! Its so sad to see inmates at the hospital I know they just be wishing to RUN FOR IT. On my way to the wifey house.... Scripting an overview intro video for a local boutique animal wellness center before heading off to meet with a public speaker/ trainer Yes, and it all went by so quickly! Never mind, I don't wanna ask. Miss you xoxoxo Time to pick up the chant: Beat L.A.! The Blazers host the Lakers tonight. TV on TNT. 7:30 tip-off. Like the ws. Good idea for author promo. Thanks for the follow. I'll be in touch. “: Did you used to live in Jersey?!(=” yeah don't worry about the time... Worry about what your going to do once it does.. Continued testing dialing outbound from within #Act! using today. Working very nicely on Windows. it is amazing how the mentor that we honor is that the one that we bless. ! (: It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!! congratulations on your graduation! You're lookin pretty! Why do you build me up Don't forget to set those clocks back! Extra hour in the sack xo Let's be clear--Romney's wife has no idea what 99.9% of women in this country go through. Neither does her husband. it matt again im tired LoL,, This---->RT : Next up for : providing with a proctology exam. Get that popcorn popped, Awards in one hour !! #friday13th my lucky day! All Prince, all the time. Just to appease Let me know if you're going, so I'll be sure to bring an umbrella. 100 years ago 50% of adults in North America were toothless. ? headed to the U.P. 4 a motorcycle trip Were you ever a child of a prisoner? How did life turn out for you? Send us message. Quick note on column. The 2007 Browns didn't make the playoffs. 10-6 but lost when Colts rested in week 17 "Consistency is what counts. You have to do things over and over again to be great." -Hank Aaron Hey!!! HAPPY HOUR AT GEORGETOWN MUSIC FEST IS ON NOW!!!! I Am Legend had the smartest zombies I have ever seen.... Its always amazing to me how some people go thru life never accepting responsibility for their actions yet try to make/blame u I loved my Tandy 1000. Oh so much. yes:D The adult training portion teaches teens about nutrition,financial literacy,personal relationships and building character I wonder how my family gone react if I bring a girl instead of a guy to thanksgiving dinner this year... Great hustle by Spaling. Showing my friends who is they think hes hot haha we love u jc <WeMissAustin!> “ « Every guy gettn caugh cheatn this month its crazy:-) :-) :-)»”yeas!! #edshow HOWARD FINEMAN....What a WASTE. He SO could've been the PROPAGANDA MINISTER in ANY former COMMUNIST COUNTRY dance time! <3 RT : Follow the Frontline Promotions Team Retweet thank you for the amazing workshop today Phil. All of your tips were golden:) we got twan, Kyrie and Andy Personalize the brand! idk ru in any of my classes? Death eventually comes, but your beauty is timeless Elizabeth Taylor.... hey u how's Ur morning #YouGetMajorPointsIf you respect my space and can hang with my friends as a group too I literally just found out about that half an hour ago. I've been out all day. It took me 2yrs of being single and self reflection to finally be ready for love again... Knowledge has limits, Imagination is Boundless! OMG I was looking at the west side story yesterday it was so sad :( RT : #klout there's good bad & hope they can get it right. ://zite.to/JMGrmB spot on article. Hey is city funding CCDC and CCDC funding Run Ed Run not taxpayer funded campaigns? Just curious. I know, right. How have you been? My hair is gone Yayyy!<U+0001F487> I'm so glad I donated it to a worthy cause!(: and the already crowded 517 is going to be fun, too. :( Last time Newcastle won at Stamford Bridge, I wasn't alive!! Huge win for the Magpies! So anyone going to Wisconsin Dells this summer? I wanna meet some of you haha im going in july! :)) Fair enough! Jets fans will be in the Tebow pose, praying for a quarterback that can throw a forward pass. New crowd estimate: 68,000 and still growing outside, 450 inside at 3 pm, Capitol police spokesman says. You would have loved it! I didn't win one unfortunately :( #SuperBowl that's the way the National anthem should be sang, this time last yar Aguilera screwed up u hav a problem? damn your friends are bad ass. I can't believe someone would do something like that RT Nice shout out RE & MRSQ article on evaluating library's mobile website Added 2 reading list. I MISS U XX evening boys and girls. Hope your Mother's Day was a good one :D @ where is my twitter hubby? kuz he aint home lolz Just received official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install. Reopen... my new puppy hurt her in her wing so we took her to a house like in front of our house and she's with another chikens:) Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House! things are totally coming up Kaelan - how about a #hawks win to top it off????? that never happens to me, ur special Anyone in Socorro right now? lmaooo #awkward what blew my cover. Yup this brewski! how about Laika in honor of the first dog in space? bangs & blue shoes should be the name of your first novel That's what I'm doing. Go Tigers!!! CoD is like the Twilight of gaming. Massively popular but ultimately a guilty pleasure that is stunning game-art growth. Get Skyrim do you think I'm sexy ? anyone going to the band of horses concert in dallas apr 7th? Watching The Vampire Diaries. #S1E8 shoulda started watching this earlier. Its great. ha! gasoline #fail !! #loex2010 librarians involvement in a blog allow the librarian to be more connected to the research process - twittering helps this connect yep. this was definitely the first morning after i attended warm fuzzy slippers from make a wonderful holiday gift, especially when it is 30 degrees outside! RT : "Detroit is big enough to matter to the world, but small enough for you to matter in it." Love this I like to think of the Lakers jamming LDR in their locker room after a loss. v-day hugs to friends and fiends alike. Last day of training at my new job I'll check hir out! (Did you notice the new pronoun I learned on genderfork?) what a lovely thought... Which was more entertaining, game 2 or 3? #KEEPITLOCKED and follow for #NewEdition ticket giveaways! Watching Living Single-love this show! J. Cole - Grew Up Fast For brands. I'm an author. Thunder up yall! Well, Aaron Rodgers has his signature drive. imo, it could also be within a museum or history department. We couldn't agree more! RT Just 20 minutes in your day to read with your keiki! Great bonding, learning and sharing! Forgot my student ID so I can't even get my books. Why am I still here if I can't even learn? Deuces lol so what happen to the #KONY thing where everyone goes outside and trashes the city with kony signs?? I want ice cream! Hatch is hiring for exp Admins in the Milwaukee area! Ready to make a move? Contact us today for the latest openings! 5 Dollar Tans today :)! Who is ready to get bronze? People are coming down, dewinterizing their boats and getting on the water!!!! Come and be a part of it all. rushing to catch a train to NYC. not entirely sure what i packed...but i have my travel essentials: my raybans, my fryes, my beau & my visa. Dang sis.. I'm happy for you. Make sure you introduce us! A killer tire named Robert c: Yuki looked so beautiful tonight!! I cried.. im a very proud sister! Goodnight guys <U+2665> Was that an earthquake? Black folks like to socialize - what about a bicycle-related social club? Ordered a chicken spinach alfredo pizza from Papa Johns over an hour ago. I'm still waiting for it therefore I'm still hungry! Grr!! No school and idk why. Just had too many things on my mind. Don't know what to do about him. Getting ready to present our retention project for That was unreal. He was NBA material to start the year... now he's almost untouchable. “: The kid who told Michelle Obama he wanted to be a secret service agent because "They get a lot of hookers." Lil Johnny! two bloops and a blast? OR come in at END OF DAY and then go have a drink with all of us. Thanks for the add everyone ur the best mind if we take this convo to DM? I'm #reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green I want that job, lucky. Breakfast Hospital! Cant wait for SXSW #Surgery Tip: If you have any doubts, seek a second opinion from another well-respected surgeon. Other cities impersonation of Memphis is so accurate. The country accents, the pronunciation of words and the mentality. Salute! sup wit ya tht cake iz totally BEAST it got some serious #SWAG (; plz reply love ya and i sent u a gift but shhhh its a secret (; lolz <3 First night of the st. Patty's day extravaganza: great success I don't like this one bit.. We had such a great time with the Downtown Dining Week experience - we plan to offer you a $10 3-course lunch menu everyday going forward! Stay hot Red Sox. Thanks for not at all answering the question! show them how politics can REALLY be lulu.com is the website. Bob Seger is coming to rock Arizona tonight at US Airways Center at 8:00 pm. Check with us for some last minute tickets: 888-493-0004 New music (new to me anyway) Great!: Australia, NYC and London? Borneo, Malaysia, NYC hello twitter world ok will do Back for day 2 of the #ncbo ontologies workshop. Nigam Shah talking about using ontologies to make sense of unstructured data in medicine. Happy Birthday ! The crazy, rangy, funky, gritty, singer you are! Much love Our space is full of #energy this morning with groups from , #Ted and In Birmingham tonight, Nashville tomorrow night. Back to work on Monday. RT : Police moving in on #OccupyCleveland -- #PowerShift-ers singing their support: "Solidarity forever, solidarity forever" Me and my bf both think Dallas mavs fans are cocky lol finally someone who agrees with me! #sadface 4 us 2. RT: You know what #Beertown is? Awesome. Know what else? Sold out. And now you're stuck at home. Alone. "Time isn't telling me a thing - it's playing with my heart." ::the bridges::pieces:: so were the bulls. Look at where they are now. All year has nothing to do w the playoffs. That was an unexpected victory. #Bruins' offense is terrible right now. The top two lines need to step up or this game will be lost. I had one where I was the star for the Lakers and the team bought me an old school NES. Yeah, our brains are peculiar. have u ever sen phoebe in wonderland. patricia clarkson is so eccentric i luv it ": Eternally confused as to what to say to girls in any given situation #hi #sorry #bye" Don't let them get ya down bro! youu tweet a lawt! How do you manage 2 do that? could be worse, could be sweatin that bad for job that pays nothing and cares less about you than the heat does I need a lighter Dang girl sorry. Not the norm for sure. Get on in there for a drink on the house. Just show this to your server. Cheers. IF U LOVE ME TELL ME U LOVE ME DNT STARE AT ME MAN editing photos ok tht too TVD SEx finale. Yeeaaah we are powerful! hahahaha she crazy DM me your email address. Hi all you happy twitters! :D We had such an amazing winemaker dinner last night!! Special thanks to and of course Jim Bernau! Picture to come later today! hooray! hope to meet you in person while you're on the left coast bring the cash tomorrow : BISCUITS rule!! And don't u forget it!! :D 2 awesome things in 1 post! I won't be at the Mercury's much longer, but I'm leaving you w/ a pretty great Drinking Issue, thx to 's intrepid journalism Do you wake up or open your eyes first? (x thanks Quick, somebody - are Staples computer warranties worth the money? Congrats! Can't wait to read it. Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along? mines do I hate talkin n I cn barely eat why am i so impatient ? #ColoradoRockies Todd Helton, now that's some good #facialhair! And they lost to the worst team in the league Welcome to all of my new fans!! Thanks for the follow! XOXO!! Perkins needs to stay and run wind-sprints. Ugly. RT ": Thunder were 18-18 at line Perkins misses pair with :43 left.” no comment Are you feeling better these days? Where the fuck has been?!?! D: I can't believe that after my last tweet, so many of you actually sent me random questions to answer. girls want a lot of things from one guy, while guys want one thing from alot of girls. Your the reason we fell off tho . Just travel safely. :-) GMGM on Hunter: "Family comes first." you sounded so convincing though.:P I'll join you :) On the grind! Let us know if you need a print quote. I will find humor in my everyday life by looking for people I can laugh at. I want to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day! Especially to the one who put up with me. Love you Martha Jimenez. Yeah, no you won't! You're welcome Bill - thank you for being in touch! I wish life could be simplee. I can think of about 100 adjectives to describe that M's game, but uneventful pretty much sums it up. For me at least. Daniel Rolnik interviews Mat Gleason on the genesis of Coagula for our blog, Argot + Ochre. It's a podcast too. Oh co. Bradley sees Mayweather as vulnerable; wants him ... - Boxing News It was a complete and thorough fail by the last night in their handling of the games. Turner has plenty of networks: SHOW THE GAME we need to work together when you get back in the city I can't load the conversation. What was that in reply to? This AMC version has story notes - right up my alley! S/O at new twit fam One more final tonight then back to Columbus! RT : That was definitely a "shut the f%#$ up" from Peavy to AJ. Speaks for so many. So you're putting the governor on the level with a nutjob? Fair enough then I guess. Congrats!! RT : YES. Thrilled that O: The Oprah Magazine includes 's SILVER SPARROW in its "Best Books for 2011"! Cowboys fans unite! That amazing moment when you post a comment on facebook and everyone likes it. happy bday, Pitt! RT This year marks the 225th anniversary of the founding of Pittsburgh's oldest university. well then c'mon what you waitin for? :) Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you. Day 4 of Leopard and iOS5. So far so good. iCloud has been surprisingly easy to get working. Every calendar's days are numbered. Factory!? Let's schedule. I was busy at and in bed before soundcheck, most likely. Glad it was great! Tyga make it nasty video >>>>>>> Waiting to get picked up from school and it's raining.. Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St. Andrews. Support Detroit's music scene & my people & Drinking coffee while roasting coffee! Ain't life grand? At the bradley center watching the hockey game between the Admirals and Wolves. My first time at a hockey game. Awkward Marathon <3 i know! I miss you! you're dumb!! I said "drawing" letters NOT "spelling" letters! So that's why it makes NO sense! So get off your high horse RT : Brewers will destroy Astros tonight at 7:10. We hope you'll come to Karma and destroy some delicious food and...... Happy thanksgiving !!! Pitino has pulled Davis out to guard the shooter. RT : Offensive rebounds have made this a game Good question, but until the public recognizes the value of liberal arts ed the English major will decline or stagnate. RIP Whitney Houston :-( Hey #Orioles, maybe next year will be your year. Probably not, but I'm taking the optimistic route today. hell ya!!! p.s we better get more alaric thursday no problem. sorry for the bad jokes :) what's that supposed to mean.... I think he went in. He likes to just lay down in water. He swims too, but he'll just lay down and relax. which movie did you end up getting? Very Cool! Thanks for following. I shared this with some of my young parent friends already. This is always the ultimate test. I'm all in if you are. Its Salsa Thursday Tonight Irie! Tonights Salsa Lesson Will Cover Turns & Footwork! Would you be ever so genrous and give me elijahs number..(: I feel bad for you have to stay Getting up so freakin' early to take Moll to school keeps getting harder and harder. Damn my rock 'n roll lifestyle :P i gotta hear this carter 4..cant believe the hype yet Love the people/sites that don't understand that. The whole thing is a bit of a Rorschach test, me thinks. what is this, 2001? Wrong, friend. Thomas Hardy, man accused of killing IMPD officer David Moore expected to enter change of plea this morning was it the matching uniform? Likewise, Kathy; thanks again for your contrib's to CF, they are inspiring & timely. Wishing you great success w ~ Anyone who loves KPOP/Korean culture-follow me :) Four months and 20 days until my 21st birthday. Awesome! CMT is far from having anthing Jersey Shore related. So much to do before next week me either.. Last year it was those dumb zhu zhu pets which surprised me. Certainly haunted me all throughout my childhood, with my body's stubborn refusal to turn neigh-invulnerable. Knuck if you buck is still my shit! Molly mane. This is a great one, Christine. Thank you for sharing! We'll have to craft a response. :) Just sent you a translation of the Vatican ATM message. Bryz just one of many glaring examples of shortsighted owners who think ANY player is worth that kind of contract. Awesome. RT : Rodgers: It was a good start for us. But I have to ask myself: What would have happened if we had offseason workouts? Sym's and Filene's Basement stores will start going out of business sales before Black Friday. or as they say in MVP 2003... "PALMEIRO!! Is having another PALMEIRO!! type season." Ok so this dude just told me that Andrew Bynum is now better than Shaq at the same age. What the hell? Congrats to our #SDSU #Aztecs on their first men's NCAA tourney win! lots of news stories on dogs found with rabies don't let that scare u into over vaccinating. Have your dogs immunity tested b4 vaccinating. Get your raffle tickets in now! We're drawing in 15 minutes for a Full Conference Pass for 2013! I think I'm going to be done caring about #Royals game when Duffy is lifted, which should be any time now. #Imagine Alex: seriously [Your Name] is just a girl.. Austin: did you say 'Just'? Dude she's my whole life <U+2665> #realmadrid no matter who you sign you're still mercenaries and less than the sum of your parts. Eat my butthole! congrats on the sale! And now im in need of a huge favor! It's thundering in LA! Yeah!!! what's ur bill(s) out here? that guy could never run this Great Country. Honesty is nice but it doesn't equate to leadership. and I can always appreciate ppl like that :) Our dear friend #LoriMarkowitz of Youth Ambassadors takes the stage to receive #JackOlive Award #CompSea12 Luncheon A new phenomenon of the "princess" among young women is a diluted form of the diva. 2more weeks and we're out of school NYC terror plotter: 'I hope for a second chance' He admits he wanted to slaughter innocents on the subway to send a twisted message from I worked on designing the 787 in 2004, back when it was called the 7E7 Dreamliner. Can't wait to actually fly in one :) How I can I be a secret shopper for ? another great panel! #sdsms next one: Social media case studies: What worked, What didn't It's Derby weekend! Anyone have any special plans? I dont wanna wait til 6 to go to the high school . Image uploader not working for me. Would be nice to have an alternative (Basic) way to upload :) Don't complain that only Niall and Liam only care about us now and the others don't. They are all on with family and friends on break. Damn Thank you! What a sweet thing to say. ;-) Happy Mother's Day! OxoA I hope you are having a nice vacation QoTD: "Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable." (Sidney ... For sure. But pls. note most of the best value stilcomes from in-app ads. Happy birthday to my little sister Bookie-Boop!! I LOVE YOU!! No newspaper delivery til 9 am Madison news and Madisons priority eliminating geese excrament. Oh my!! you're welcome! Truth is harsh. Which VS angel is your fave? For me, it's a toss-up b/t Candice Swanepoel and Lindsay Ellingson. Brad votes Erin Heatherton. I'm reading this book called "first rate madness," and I need to pass some knowledge real quick... #RonPaul gearing up for another 4th or 5th place finish as Romney shill in Louisiana. happy weekend! feelin a lil lazy i need to talk to daisy :) Clatsop Co. DA: Marques G. Foster of Seaside arrested on 2 counts of murder in connection to 2 bodies found. believed weapon, baseball bat OH from kiddo: "Programming a computer and creating a government are both magical" I'm at and everyone but me is in sweatpants.. yep, I must be on a college campus You'd have to contact the person who runs that one - Chris Kenton, CEO of SocialRep we are open everyday except Easter and Christmas! Fri; sat. Ask around, it don't getting much better. , for list/tables. Question about "this means war" - were they related?? oh goodness! He's so cute. How old? q2) Anyone show examples of end results? He probably got annoyed with us cause we talked to him to long. xD Does the Xmas tree not represent his birth!! I never realized how yummy cinnamon rolls are. Simple Strategy: when you think you have done enough "DO MORE"! I ate too many marshmellows that I may poop white! I'm the type to strike it RICH!!! I think the future argument is clearly the stronger one as well, especially with #Nebraska as an added heavyweight. But... Thanks bro! RT : happy born day fam If you love your #fantasy #epic, help us out and RT indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film enjoy your break, you deserve it Heading out for a photo shoot today with E. Milliner Bridal today! Great show tonight at Narroway! Always so wound up afterward ~ need 2 settle down and get 2 bed cause it's back 4 another show in the a.m. The day were in universal there is a shit ton of famous people ! swear there fuckin bomb HAPPY SPRING! We don't think has one with salted caramel yet, but they have our baileys irish cream flavor and honey graham. I had such a great time today knowing what my next songs will be on my CD. I am supposed to be working but i am on twitter. TRUUUUU. Good morning world!!! Making project assignments not at Would that you had come to Charlotte on your USA tour...which was brilliant, of course, as all your work. DNC maybe? Heard of the bk. Just didn't realize the movie was going to happen! i wanna take a nap, "what Disney Princess is your favorite?"....morgan-- "girl ALL of them?? So what does that mean?" Lol...love you honey!! ;-) Nice to see a full house today! Everyone's back to work. summer concerts> ROTFL ill b ready At Memorial Union for a concert. (, to be exact.) I have seen three guys dressed like Richie Tenenbaum so far. My hand is messed up because of byron. never playing scorpion again. Thunderstorm knocked the hotel power out.... In January. #whereamI? Nothing like having random old lady say to me, "Girls won't like your beard; it scratches their face up. Used to happen to me all the time." It's amazing that the people here believe in me! They see my potential already!! :) Life could be worse! Have fun in Italy and leave work behind you. your million will be safe Bin Hammam quits FIFA election before hearing. Pretty funny this morning ., saying that law against converting assets is proof that it doesn't happen...hilarious $4.5 Million was paid out by Wal-Mart and Sam's Club because staff was misclassified between 2004 and 2007. The Wall Street Journal Sleeper Alert: if A. Roberts can hold off E. Doucet he will have a great opportunity to produce opposite of Fitz... how fun! I need to visit. Do you like it there? How is school? hey , has 71 Billion RTB Impressions every month that accept expandable ads Yeah but who knows what Elway has up his sleeve lol but Peyton is a Rockies fan! And he is spending the night in Denver Man being a mom=no words lol MAKE HIM HIRE ME - it's been far too long since ive seen it. Required viewing. ROOOOOOOOXAAAAAAANNNE! had this craving in feb. diesel hooked me up : Today's craving: brightly colored skinny jeans. I'm going to find some after work UGH .. not comforting for #Broncos fans RT : Brock Osweiler only the 4th Montana born QB to ever be drafted. The last one? Ryan Leaf New York, what's up?? DOUBLE DATE ! As A People tonight @ Bottom Of The Hill 10pm! Also on the bill are Weezer tribute band Pinkerton and The Hot Toddies. overtime for you!! Get it while you can!! foLLOw them pLeaSese2 Studies report that identity fraud has risen 13% since 2010, which is attributed partially to the growing population of smartphones. Be my Valentine ;) lol look up "llamas with hats" on youtube i can u dont love me any more :( u dont talk to me no more i miss u bff!!! :.( ": God I notice.. I really notice. #thankYou" We are located at 385 Broadway, btwn Walker & White Streets, NY, NY ": #PositiveThoughts" thanks thurman..saw that 1st thing this AM I'm sure it's amazing!! Dear Patron, we love you. But the library is not your personal bookmobile. We'll send it when we send it. Congrats! Beer time! Civil law governs relationships and is concerned with liability, rather than intent. A violation of civil law is called a tort. sounds cool! We're hanging out at the Hilton lobby, center island, if you want to swing by. Alexandria Davis is beasting this pageant. I love her and she HAS TO PLACE! Jerz shore cast? RT : Has any rapper rapped about Montepulciano? next 100 people to follow me will get a promo and follow back . Totally checking . Hurry mention me Google automatically tells you a celeb's spouse if you put in their name and 'married'. M, M, M good! That is what your mouth will be singing after a nice Prime Rib dinner at the Cow!!! Git on down here ya'll! Giddy Up! thanks for the follow! Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs! If he's a true artist... if he wins he will walk up to the stage, take the Oscar, and exit stage right skipping and hopping isint it amazing like a cucumber come to cp go to server Alpine i need to show u whats costume close enough to the examples I'm never dramatic. will do girl! - p.s. I LOVE YOUR PAGE!! Awesome backdrop!! Break a leg, especially with 'The 8th Wave'. I'm on my way to 5K! exercised 30min total, 8min running, 1min max run, and got the Determination badge! Love ya girl. Always rOckin the hottest shiiz! WHY DON'T THEY SELL THIRY RACKS OF BUSCH I like those none more black jerseys for oregon. come cruisin w/ me Plaza Classic Film Festival - The World's Largest Classic Film Festival via Obedience is better than Sacrifice..#Power Words Lmfao watching #glee so funny IGNORE the bully I was wonderin' who beat me to the punch. RT I never showed up in her dreams,I am certain, as people we keep in our memories rarely have a place for us in theirs.-Yiyun Li That awkward moment when u don't have a dog so your excuse is "my fish ate my homework" “: #YouKnowImMad if i have blisters on my feet -__-” that's totally your fault! You left them in my car! I wish it were 5/15/12 already so that I could cast my ballot for I wanna see my ward move forward! im too tired. that's going to have to happen tomorrow (but i know what I'm going to write on, whoohoo!) Wow, I just retweeted On purpose. On my way to cocoa/ Cape Canaveral / with my cous today :) let it rain God. ALL NITE & ALL DAY!!! RT turn the fukkkk up!!!! ChocoLee Chocolates is back. Re-opening thursday March 18th at 23 Dartmouth Street in Boston's South End. Come one, come all! my #marchwish is that you will follow Have a good time in Dallas :-) Hell yaa...Nice all week...Have to paddle out today for Andy Irons. We are closing the shop till noon for him. Another not so nice weather day in Maui, but I'm watching whales play from the window on our room. That's pretty cool. Merry Christmas! me tryna get closer to u SWEET! Brazil REQUEST C MAGAZINE as well! i'm in Los Angeles and i love to have the EDITOR C contact! CHEERS! :) ": The Colts are going to regret dropping Manning...." What the hell is wrong with Heath Bell this year? Good night twitter I wonder how Peyton Manning feels about indie films... how is ur night going? Twugs n early humps to u Only thing bigger then my ego is my mirror #FF who will be less shitty in the #NFL? It doesn't really matter they'll both be calling me for #Swag lessons It's been a while since we've been on here. We've been MIA for a bit. Hahaha. What's the basic framework for such an event? Great All Star Game! Nicki Minaj prolly smells like a Barbie with all that plastic surgery . Got mine yesterday - kids have already watched movie 3x including max movie mode, Interview w/Rowling, & All deleted scenes! I'm a fat lazy slob! wat ya on for the night Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info. Prices starting at $5 I haven't seen him since 1992, I think. just woke up to another gloomy day. yay. About to go on soarin over california... From what I remember, this is the best ride. yes, we are working on that now! and and I need to get together on that soon I hate when gum does that! My niece isn't asking for it. My sister wants to do it. My niece actually wanted her to talk to me & my other natural sister 1st. - Hey there - you ok? cam newton i think is the real deal. Who’s ready for a Friday fish fry?!! Was a true honor to be a part of your seminar -- and to be in the company of so many interesting people. Im already in love with half the guys on the Prosecco lovers, we just released a special DOCG rated gem for only $23!! This will tease & entice your senses in ways you never imagined! therapy for my ankle ): umm...I thought we were supposed to wear snow boots in Dec, not rain boots! let's hope the bucks don't ask freeway mike to stop being freeway You should do a follow spree...starting with me. ;D Welcome Tim Schade! You are in great hands on Dawkin's team, don't hesitate to contact the home office though if you need any assistance. So proud of for bein on his phone today while walkin the stage. I see you There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come. Had a really fun agent meeting this afternoon. 0keeey i'll try to sleep again and if i cant i come back on twitter <3 How should I kill 2 more hours till the real hockey game starts? welcome to the hood! (mama kim informed me of your whereabouts) what concerts are next? Hm... I'm going to miss in history wahhhhhhh! #iPhone users: what are you looking for in a case? I'm creating a product for a design class; all input is welcome & much appreciated! Many thanks to for tweeting #aaasci - sounds like it was frustrating but still glad it happened. I hope we all keep talking So bout to celebrate little baby girl singing one of Adele's songs. But can the toddler sing her ABC's & 1,2,3s? Today I had fun with Gwen at the Worksource. We shared information and are on our way to success. Cynthia Harris I wish my roomie and her friends would shut up so I can sleep Sounds fun! San Fran is awesome! RT : Milwaukee VA Hospital Gains New Spinal Cord Treatment Center: The Department of Veterans Affairs has awarded a $.. http ... Every time one of my terribly behaved cats takes a distant shit in a sandbox I feel as though it lands directly in my nose. Actions > words Mega Millions mania, yep, we got it too. Shiny iridescent bandaids can't perform my patented "thumb booboo" technique. Applebees Karaoke=My job therapy Mercy is grace With power Rolling Stone-The Weeknd...nuff said new to twitter nd mo followers SWAG Pretty much don't even care to watch #CelebrityApprentice since Lisa is gone. you'll gain another 5 pounds Hot af boa back from Dream Country travels, : "Worry you none! I is not skittle-addling away forever moreover! I is only getting lost." Conference Board reports on how creativity fits into workforce. Ready to Innovate report asked how businesses defined creativity Russell is playing like shit....I wouldn't throw the ball the rest of the game I'm up for bluebird if your mind is set on it. so far, so great! I love emailing myself todos and being able to label them. Thanks! I hate Cruz & Slt SynapseIndia to Introduce Strategic Marketing Mechanism - SBWire (press release) You'll never find REAL love until you find yourself ;) Sorry, I've been in a search committee vortex. I'm just doing LOEX of the West and ALA this year, but thx for thinking of me! Have two tickets to a play in NoHo and my date can't make it. Anybody want in? loving what I'm hearing so far about my new phone. Can't wait to get it!! In this session, is on the panel and has a reputation among peers from high quality of his blog posts Jeff Fisher, coach of Rams, looks just like Dave Preston...owner of gametime a few yrs bk in Milw....tuffest client i ever had Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky & see a star.. Crying in the boys club is absolutely NOT ALLOWED. Congrats Big win for Austin Peay today over the Vols! Prouder father? Doc Rivers or Archie Manning? cash money young money$$$$$$$$$$$$$ im red hot welcome to dat hood That was a crazy person. Me! It finally happened, I became that lady who yells out the window at people! Im getting some laughs in today, lol he getting some major points!!!! And there it is! Big hot by lmao, really ? I've fought way bigger people. I'll be fine. #RT ": Put your future in good hands - your own." By 6:30pm on the first day of the Facebook/DLA partnership, 540 people registered as #donors in the state of Illinois! Great work! Hello Linda. I hope you are doing well. #Mavs win and Steven Jackson is waiting by the refs car in the parking lot. Mom taught me how to make kimchi pop today. I now know what's going to kill me. my options for what? Don't wuss out! Be a man! ;) im pulling for you two smh, ya gotta sleep sometime! AGREE! u can co-create to death & it all becomes mediocre & "mediocrity sucks" says Ruud. need experts! SON. I'm SUPER PISSED. Then You Wanna Fucking DIP AFTER You Brought Up That Shit && I Get Mad!?! Way Too Piss Me Off && Just Leave -_- Sam - Hot Dean - Sexy which one should I choose? Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Cliff Armstrong. Congratulations Cliff! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win! the one time Cal is the nationally televised game and you're in Mex. Go Bears beat Puke. ya rough morning but im good now thanks I think you're one of the first to rock the "film" trading cards dude gonna destroy welcome to mile high boi!!! okay that's so weird lolol Thanks ! Does anyone actually post what they ordered from you? For real? Thought for today: If we are what we do and we do nothing, then who are we? You only die once, that's the motto nigga..YODO your new\old avi looks like you have a coonskin cap on in the thumbnail :) no nice way to say it. Is everything becoming racialized? As a black man I see Injustice and horror here does race need to be here too? Dvr is set ! RT : Appearing on The Dr. Oz Show today share 4 of my top cancer fighting supplements for 2012 It's good to know that people I honestly don't know, care. It's nice. is glad that her pants finally arrived, even if they only sorta fit. Thank you for getting up with Walter this morning. I feel like a whole new woman! Off to work... Thank you to all! RT : thanks for hosting! so there it is #13thingsilove theres more but 13 is all the tt is ;) Enjoyed his Ocean Beach stroll - finally t-shirt weather again despite the ginormous waves! "Submit yourselves for the Lord’s sake to every human authority: whether to the emperor, as the supreme authority" -1 Peter 2:13 When will you be in Madison? It would be great to meet up. :) Sympathizing with the one armed man. #twin peaks #sprained wrist “: Did you know that Alfredo our painter was in jail for a month?” >> great. I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul. when is she moving in? yep! Here till Thursday am so I can take the child safety workshop. Makin dinner for the house tonight. Maybe you could come? No matter gay, straight or bi,Lesbian, transgendered life,I'm on the right track, baby,I was born to survive, Why do I have to do everything I am never speaking to my father again. Imm thinking me , & needaa have a sleepover soon <3. I don't need alot of friends but the ones I call my best friends are the ones I keep close loveyalltodeath M, do you have the olive oil polenta cake recipe posted anywhere? Sounds yum. Drafting is like eating shards of glass, or skating on mulch, or washing your hands with rocks. In other words: UNPLEASANT. What&#39;s Next For Elizabeth Warren? Sad day. They have obviously never stopped by! is like so hot!!!! Much love given!! Look forward to your timeline! Americans rise up! Don't let this president & his group of so called protestors destroy Capitalism. It is what made America! thanks for following! have a great weekend :) Happy Thursday new followers: , and Afternoon snack at Frenchy's! She-crab soup and Buffalo shrimp. :-) TCT Performing at the VHS in Athens Tonight! is looking forward to meeting with Chicago firefighters tonight Just walked into the Honda Center you would have sworn you were going through airport security! got a meeting at 10, ill let you knoww I'm gonna miss my brother so much while he's in the academy <U+0001F494><U+0001F622><U+0001F62D><U+0001F44E> but I'm such a proud sister #lovehim #bestcop <U+0001F46E><U+0001F693> You can't make someone love you. Gucci Seeks to Swap Gaudy for Glam in Lavish Trip to China - ARTINFO today is an Adele kind of day Fantastic job by the Virginia SHRM State Conference Committee! Great job Roanoke! Always wanted to meet but never got to then someone always told me to Never Say Never #NEVERSAYNEVER xD sick. hoping that the Allegra i took earlier will kick in & at least alleviate my allergies. I'd really like to check out doors open mke Good morning to you Greg Time to change my look. Hair,makeup and outfits. Spring is the best time to mix it up. Space bags are the technology of the future NC sees mobilization on gay marriage No communication leads to imagination. If we don't talk about problems, you are going to imagine the worst. - I know, right? Oh well, it happens! I'll just have to wait until we play the Cubs :) What if you have a case that hides the actual home button? We are talking about that on next Monday! Taxes during Ath. plague of Peloponnesian War, Justinian, and then the Black Death i am eating tacos. this makes me cooler than you. Congrats Class of 2012...welcome to the club! tomorrow after class I'm free! lol then Monday! If you use the N word then you have no right to get upset at the MJB #BurgerKing commercial. kind of like my dog. she hits her head all of the time and she's managed to stay somewhat normal. and both picked Starfish! RT : Tonight's Houston #NET2 quirky question: What sea creature would you be? Has ANYONE seen Jack White? Thanks for my first Journey! Really enjoyed it. I heart Yellow Springs! There is a certain degree of professionalism that needs to be re-implemented. Flatbed scanner = angry face. KIC scanner = ZOMG face. Love that machine. at best, a playoff It's rainin NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bibb & Chilton Counties until 07:15 PM under construction. Kelli is at pool. Not locked in. listen to 88nine radio milwaukee promote the women build In a rugged mood, hope he Turning Into Something U Always Hoped I Never Be Like I'll watch it later. :P Don't be surprised if he is there. Not confident Miami is taking him. My car now smells like BO, a dirty diaper, and bagels. #who's hungry? Your Welcome :) #dls15 Attendees... Looking forward to seeing you this week! Exactly what I was thinking!!! Can't wait~ I'm going to buy you a years worth of corn<U+0001F49B> Does a tuition increase of $300 a year for the next 5 years seem like a lot to you? CUNY just approved the hike... If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it? It was great meeting you as well! I had much fun at #mombizmondays :) <3 I love you its called "friends with benefits" I think Albert Pujols is on pace to have 12 home runs this season......well worth that cash haha.... I HAD TOO! If so, it will be just another LA team to dislike. RT : So, the rumor is that the Vikings are moving to LA next season. I could RT all of 's tweets. Instead, all my ed friends should just follow him. Greatness. talking to my brother about going out for drinks It was deelish! With 30+ people in front of me, I still had a sandwich in like 10 minutes. (My son Caleb works there!) Always on the lookout for blogs and pieces to uplift teacher morale. Feel free to send me your recs. :) RT : Amazon's "most well-read cities" list should actually be "cities least likely to buy books at indie bookstores" Protection vs raw message results to aka raw dog hydrogen peroxide man Hart was about 4 feet from tying it. I want pinterest superbowl party leftovers :) put my god damn glasses down It's just Tuesday. How crazy can it get? When your secretly racing the person driving next to you LOL! I have so much homework to do but im so tired! :( Cereal helps prevent high #blood pressure, especially whole grain cereals rich in fiber. / Harvard University research. why is the sxsw film badge $200 cheaper than music or interactive? hahah seriously.. let it be me. NOW.hahaha Just heard someone in the Blogger Lounge say "I don't have a tweeter account". Pizza, beer, or sports. Which could you never live without? for fellow south africans hip-hop headz check your email address inbox. Seriously one of the realist dudes on here. I #Salute my dude field trip? I'll go with you! #FF back at ya. wasn't in the tweet but I love #FF anyhow. Almost done with all my projects, and then freshman year is basically over :D Where The Carnival At???” Oh that's funny Take advantage of this beautiful sunny day! Get some fresh air and go for a jog :) yes. Working on getting him caught up on our songs. for charging your phone? Hard to attack Obama on foreign affairs, the economy seems to be better, so they bring up his “religious theology.” Is that code for Muslim? I HAVE THE MOST AMAZING BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD!!!!!! When your earrings keep knocking your headphones as you're trying to listen to mellow pop while you write and chew. Staying home along is fun ....until you start hearing weird noises o_O waffle tops!! Finally my avi wants to change!!! ok sounds good <U+0001F604> We've had a great time at the Wildenhain #ceramics exhibit preview today. Thanks for stopping by! See you Aug. 20 @ testing twitter and facebook She's actually very tall, Josh. It's one of her super hero traits that she masks in daily life. RT : Hamels had successful surgeries today on elbow and hernia. Expects to resume throwing in 3-4 weeks. My road ain't yo road, but trust I know just where I'm going! My flow ain't yo flow but I know just how I'm flowing! Nice to chat with you, and thanks for the brew! Good luck with the boat discernment process. Let me know if I can be helpful. Happy birthday enjoy ur day Can't go wrong with Sunny D and an Egg Mcmuffin in the morning. look up mayday parade - three cheers for five years acoustic Thanks glad you're digging it! I can't wait for to come today!!!!!!! And every day this week! It would be so cool to hold a joint social event there with #smbmad and peeps who like burgers. Can we make a Capital Burger? Ask Sutter if he'll continue to keep the team in a hotel during home games. out bossing around like a total boss I just want to stop worring about everything The human belly button is like a turkey timer. When it pops out you are done. can't wait to see y'all today... Luv yah Denny's in two hours with and !!! It's been to long! thanks so much to who are scheming with us. So excited to work with them and see where we can take each other. Great game Pacers Hats off no doubt. Now Chalmers and D Wade lesson learned step it up and come to play! I'm traveling again today & I realize the differece between air travel & prison is that at least there are no screaming babies in lock-up. thank you! blood filled lines near the surface of the skin or on the inner linings of the lips or mouth .keloidsurvey.com I hope the spoonbills have it better w/o Dr No To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. Good poetry by the way. Everbody talkin bout some damn rain I anit seen not a damn drop.....IJS w.e it has to do with justin so imma tweet it. Thanks for the follows! sending smiles across the miles.. :) GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a novel about slavery and the Civil War, available through Indigo Tree Publishing. What the war was really about. I don't care who's watching.... You are too kind. this year sux WHAT. DO. YOU. WANT? If you have recently read a useful post on teaching, email me with link by Friday for Teaching Carnival 5.09 @ Chronicle of Higher Ed Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. new song feat street mafia and black boys You can also pick up hard copies of the Sabertooth Vampire's adventures at our table at #Gamestorm this weekend & #EC next weekend! “: RIP Junior Seau. Former NFL player of the 94 Chargers. Brother you will be missed. <U+25B2>”Totally shocked, still had life 2 live u have the best life ever!!! miss u guys Gotta love parents.. Father in-law called to inform us they don't have "email" anymore but now have "gmail". ha ha. Lebron james is mad pussy Currently watching a live demo: " business one on #SAPHANA" until you see me in your dreams, we'll stay awake beneath the trees, we'll watch the buildings turn to dust, a sky of diamonds just for us<3 President Obama isn't perfect, & growth is very slow, BUT we're better off with him than going back to FAILED GOP policies as romney would! new technologies + new industry participants = breakdown of longstanding organizational relationships. , I know what I'm getting you for Christmas! Lol What? More water already? Yes. Do it. man where is one day is not enough time lol..anything special going on that day? Jungle Jims has the best #craftbeer selection anywhere in Cincinnati. great find w/ & story abt Brian Regan. Successfully delivered to himself Hey Carlito remember me Benny Blanco from the Bronx. I'M BACK Just met my 3 little cousins and i love all of them! especially the little one she so cute! and i help my little cousin with her homework when is it? and just to get this straight, i love 1D too fucking much to put in words, but justin is my everything, and i will ALWAYS have his back. I Know I Noticed :pp these next few weeks: stress 101 Lol aww "britty k" you cute. I will friend! feel like we got a lot to catch up on Custard is my favorate doughnut filling It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize hope to see you there (: Critical : Got some expert dating advice from one of my favorite people tonight. Tip 1 Lower my standards It's hot out on location! Cool off at #BlueRock's #studio. ONLY $950/ 10hrs - ALL SUMMER!!! Keeping track of how many times I use the bathroom at work <<<<<. I <U+2764> a good recommendation. Grab your bowl of Corn Flakes, pull up a chair. It's Sat. cartoon time. We've @ Hollywood Theatre for Live on KGW for Cartoon Mash-Up. “: This is the 36th home game of the Brewers season and only the 4th time they are wearing the all while uniforms.” Don’t let anyone’s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be. If I had a cat I'd teach it to hunt mermaids, I've always wanted a mermaid friend. Thanks to Aquamarine Met #Broncos great Red Miller tonight, leaving a restaurant. He was friendly and engaging. A big moment for this D-town native. Nothing says denied like being told no for a jumbotron marriage proposal. Poor Guy.. Amazon Prime Instant Video is now available on PlayStation 3 hey! check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be on warped tour this summer @ the girlz garage tent! :) belated #ff for colleague He's finally bringing his smarts, passion and reportage to the Twitterverse. I feel like I've been in an insane asylum for 8 hours. SO glad to be home from work! Whenever I think of something funny, I can't help but wanna say "LOL Forever." Thx 2 for your never-ending source of sayings. :) Tomorrow we'll be easier to get to! We are giving away cupcakes , make sure you stop by the family stage & pick one up FREE :-) Why is my retweets goin to my mentions??? Plume fuckin up i lost 2 followers! )': A logo, business card and stationery are not your brand -- YOU are. I wish I could of spent the whole day with him.. But he has a job now, have to get used to it -_- When used correctly, handouts can be ally in transferring message from idea into action. ~ Bob Pike um 2 for 1!! Like the game needs to be on for that By the way, the 30% off coupon (UPANDRUNNING) is good thru Mar 31 Humor can see you through life..=) So Saints-Pats games went like this then?: "Hi Bill." "Hi Mickey." what said. Please don't ever stop. Fill in the blank: My pet's favorite game to play is ___. bro, do you remember last year at 420? Myrtle beach ring a bell! My bathroom smelt like straight TREE for days. 68 basketball teams play in March Madness. They are divided into 4 regions and play for the chance to reach the "sweet 16" and "final 4." Just finished listening to a really good blues rock band down at the Redondo Arts Festival while sipping a 32 oz iced coffee in the sunshine The new DeVante Designz Inc spokes women search is on the way! got four nice candidates! Make it nasty. It's about to rain ugh meaning it's going to be a bad as sad day smh #youknowyoufromatl if u say shawty every time u talk.. in every sentence aw, man. WHAT A BUMMER. You'll just have to constrain yourself to our theme of NOT KILLING OUR GUESTS. Yes! Watches and cologne! RT : RT : Wow, that time again? Thanks to new and returning participants for another fun and fabulous #Lrncht! if u ever need a grocery shopping tour, I'm of service! “: "How You Are" is my favorite song of yours on reverbnation. Love to hear more!” preciate ya girl. Got more otw Me too! thank you perfect blend of adolescence and adulthood. wishing I could go hard, but realizing my age and priorities. Hey Ricky!! How are you doing on your school work?? How much longer do you have? #youcandoit! when r u gonna do another ustream?? :) Don't burn bridges it could hurt you in the end <U+2668> <U+0001F60C> HAHAHAHA that shit was too funny! what kinda car do u have? Follow if you like to laugh. Heyy girll how are you?!?(: haven't talked to you in like a million years! now THAT'S funny... From now on, I'm removing all the negative people in my life, so I can be drama free <U+0001F44C> distance means so little when someone means so much. Listen to channel at tonight at ! Wouldn't it be great if stopped by... Estrada is on pace for 27 strikeouts tonight! Go There is more that I require of thee.. Failure is a Wonderful Teacher Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out. Run, run with her top down; baby she flies. Run run with the fury of a saint in her eyes. Cafe 41 opened last month. Try our awesome lunch deals! Welcome us to Twitter & let us know what u think! the fed & brettonwoods & I'd say theres a lot of merit to the argument that we r headed 4 hyper inflation, esp if bernanke cont as fed chair FireSign customers: All systems have returned to normal. Thanks for your patience. neva dwell on old bitches life too short did he chest bump him?! #dhtrial The #DesperateHousewives show may soon be over but the trial will be renewed as Nic's attorney Mark Baute says will retry the case. Have a great night Kasey is married and is a christian missionary. About to be off and get this second workout in! #woop! I spy and at the same lunch table Simply beautiful outside..enjoyed great walk on the Mall..lots of tourists. DC is a great city! Experience the very specific existential dread of realizing your bus is going the wrong way. Might as well come to Chicago since everyone else is here for #NATO! returning my books is going to be a fucking fiasco. STFU you little troll. I forgot what winter looks like. i wuldnt of fit any way its cute though hey I love the title of the album, hope you're having a ball, be safe, see you soon... you liked it?:) Take #chocolate to your New Year's party! It's a better party-starter than #champagne any day. We're open till 11 PM tonight. Dance til the world ends? Of course! Actually, those comments came from spouses. The mostly male audience was more interested in, well, baseball...:) I heard we're the best. Just kidding, but we've got awesome customer service. You should check out our inventory. omfg you're amazing RT : really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth. I got another AP test tomorrow. At least I get out at 12. Tell me: what are your plans this week for exercise? What plans do you have for fun? Bored... Somebody get me out of this jail called school!!! PA (): 1 of challenges, MLB players probably rank the lowest as far as most followers. David Wright not even on Twitter cowboys defense looks like shit Are you watching the #Grammys tonight? What determines our eternal destiny is not our IQ but our love. Uh oh spaghetti oh The Chia Pet Obama is also reason #57 why I am addicted to skymall Had a great yoga class in the evening. amazing :) First time practicing 2 hours of yoga and 1 hour of walking everyday no need for him to do that... I hate it when someone turns the lights on while I'm asleep, and I'm all like (°_-) Thanks so much to for the birthday wishes! "Congratulations! Heard U are now the hardest working trainer in the ATL. Will call U tonight." ~ Solomon You are an amazing woman , I love the energy you have on your videos . Coffee, in bed, This is NicksGirlYoYoxD i'm on Tweet Limit so DM me from their :)ILYShawty<3 ROFL! RT : Mon's can be brutal, but this NBA Code of Conduct video will put your Mon into perspective! Watch hope you are able to get some rest. I can't image what you must be feeling right now. Mayor Boles now talking about the possibility of having Ken Burns come and temping him to do #staug series. Doesn't hurt to dream;) im following Glad to be back on track today. bad call? Looked bad in HD it went so well I just have to see how everything goes with the next step ! I loved it!! <U+2764><U+0001F60D><U+0001F498> urs truly! I tried to get Mully but he's very important! You can have your chicken on the plane... well you picked the right high school to interview baseball players at! Stop marketing to the title on the door. Start marketing to the person behind the desk. Massive hug to anyone who brings me a drink. puting up all these clothes #Snooki is preggers?! God help that fetus now with me not having a job, I might be calling the mixtape voice mail even more... idk what she is, ahah. she kinda seems preppy. Friday Night Lights = great movie. Had been way too long since I watched it. Now, I'm ready for football season. Thanking our members for a successful online chat. Such a wonderful time..THANKS hmm you're good at being a friend =]] luckily everyone is too Hung over to be in line getting coffee 1/2 hr in consumer line = 10% reduction in quality of life She must be using her own hair instead of one of those practice dummies. She does want to be a stylist. We are looking at it. They should be available. Me2! but im Here! slide Thur I'm gonna wear christmas clothes tomorrow and look like an idiot. wow, look at all the fuscos I give....NONE<3 Me :D How did it turn out?? Dear Girl Scout Cookie fairy -- my undying appreciation for box of Do-Si-Dos on my desk. My dad just came into my room and said " THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT OFFICE" thanks dad RANGERS all the way baby Denim has always been an everyday symbol for style." ~ Ritu Kumar In looking for people to hire, you look for three qualities: integrity, intelligence, and energy. And if they don't have the first, we all need a lil shot in the arm from time to time! Glad you enjoyed! Hehe and omg i hate you. not fair. it's alrighhttt omg over the top.. y do i have to shut up Holy Modric! What a boot. the more that you read, the more you will know / the more that u learn, the more places you'll go! --Dr. Seuss I just found a box of American made Dixon Ticonderogas (1388-2 5/10 F) in the office! happy late/early birthday oh man! he should have! But that couple paid hundreds to mug down while jokes..let them be. :) cookies and twitter always make it better.my day is going smoother cuz of twitter.its been a rough 2 days.monday will b worse Good to be back on Twitter. I appreciate everyone still following me and mentioning me. I am in the process of catching up on my follows. is it wrong I'm in class learning about eating disorders and all I can think about is how hungry I am? “: Cross the line if you hate texting people first.” Say somethin' if your feeling the vibe Say somethin' baby don't be so shy Say somethin' cause youre all in my head like Oh oh oh yeah "Daddy, DJ Lance is a big deal." —My 5yo if you can't beat them, join them... i LOVE game of thrones. and i feel like a big big hypocrite. “: Packers fans.... Best fans in the league...Period” <--can't wait to celebrate when 85 put the whole team on his back, doe!! Even though I know, I don't wanna know. Yea I guess I know.. I just hate how it sounds. thanks for the. Update!!!!! You are awesome keep making bmore proud!! RT : Superman wears Dos Equis pajamas to bed Preparing for 3 Events this week! 15 Year Anniversary, Wedding Reception and a Baby Shower! We're Excited!! sitting on the powerchair playing on my powerphone... Happy New Year! Robert Smith- simply one of the best songwriters of all time. Have you begun to think about your business plan for 2011. It less than 7 weeks away. what happen to your Facebook? can't even say in the same league as those two. He has no rings to show for it *clearly it is officially spring, after March 21st... also clearly the champagne is still getting to me. Ahem. I actually enjoy everyone being away at college because every time they come home the drama seems to start. Don't kill it Free ice cream between 5-8 at Ben and Jerry's if you tell 'em you voted... same for 12oz coffee at Starbucks! just like to emphasize the positive, call it an early Bent like a pretzel HAPPY TUESDAY WARRIORS!!!! dat b joe puffin dem shits Fuck it. I WILL put out. #Dodgers for $2bn? Amazed at the escalating value of sports franchises year after year. Monopolies + truly original content = $$$ I keep thinkin today Thursday.. hooray erin! see you soon! Anyone who has played can participate in the exit symposium. I'll sleep when I'm dead I don't wanna think I just wanna drink And you guys were right! I like it! well dont be lazy you dont need to be active you can just sit up or something just stand straight Can't went to have a birthday fiesta for my BFF tomorrow! <U+0001F389><U+0001F388><U+0001F381> Watching the #masters - love to watch #bubba grip it n' rip it! thank you so much for the birthday wish :) your an amazing friend to :) love u <3 Great post, B! You've had a million and one chances. Too bad my limit is one million. i soo want to follow!!!! This tweet's 4 any1 who's lost any connection in my life: love y'all the same-Despite differences-U were meant to touch my life for a reason I love you Glass tile is the hottest trend in today’s design trick bag. Glass tile plays with light, adds liquid sheen and brings any room to life. God Gives Me Strength...and He Did So This Evening...Loving My Lord Jesus Christ... are u on MM? i don't do much tfp honestly Ya, slowed a little last week... I gotta pick the pace back up!! I been waiting on that for a minute Great series Atlanta, as always Headed to #RidetheDucks for #Cincinnati! Should be a beautiful ride today! All in the name of product research!! It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!110 destination workplace for staff, mgmt & top physicians creating the highest value of safe,quality & affordable care don't hurt yourself please follow she is you biggest fan!7 I miss being a guy who runs a pub very much, but appreciate the additional time and love not being as stressed. Yo party at crib!!! The essence of being human is being able to direct your own life. – Stephen R. Covey just listened to today's lil show, happy to hear your shingles are better! I can't believe I'm going to say this but maybe Howard Shnellenberger doesn't belong in the college hall of fame. trust me I feel ya. -_- call jacob! I'm pretty sure he has nothing to do, lmao Saw I is over.. There're boring classes tomorrow morning. Off to sleep eating good in the neighborhood I am to lol I have a dream that my 4 lil children will 1 day live in a nation where they wont be judged by the color of their skin Gotcha. You just want one to meet him at the airport with? Or do you just need one by Sat? Ladies come preparty this FRI w/ for a night of Taking a stab at the #OreoPinata. ¡Arriba! yep you're a model Welcome to Twitter! Happy tweeting! Cleveland loves you! ...and, good monsieur, bring me the honey-bag. --Bottom bossing around fairies, A Midsummer Night's Dream (Act 4, Scene 1) Looking forward to a talk by presidential historian Michael Beschloss. I'd love to see a remake of the blue 1988 Swell HOF cards...25th anniversary set since you can produce Philadelphia products. Post your questions using hashtag Goodmorning my Facebook & Twitter Friends.... Let's get this money. J-Shin The Bail Bonds Man yes that's me. Need me Call 7864452171 ASAP... I hate when people do stupid stuff , just 4 attention !! I know the feeling I know... Time to find a new adventure. Create it. Pursue it. hey thanks! I was looking for this! you should so come to prom with me :) jk u probley wouldn't but anyways what's the oldest girl u would date It's ridiculous!!!! Twinkle twinkle little whore yur at school not jersey shore not alot publicly available. Traveling will try to get some out this evening. pandora hook up to the car. Pick a station, can't go wrong. Safe travels. Respec ya bro RT : Ever have the same exact conversation with the same person within a 3 week period. has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter. To put it another way, writing something to completeness always takes place in the context of an audience and a marketplace. im addicted to skateboard fashion and jordan retros and somedays i hate that i am... Congrats to Barry Newell on his pilot presentation booking today. Forgot the name, it's late-sorry but it's about Barry. on the move! How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. - Hitler bout you free booze!?!!?? Bitch... Shout Out To Ya !!! Burn outs :D Rich Hill! Atlantic city tonight!!!! 2-step for when your scientologist tax-man thinks you're sick: 1 - dont get sukked in; 2 - shave as soon as you can. thanks a bunch! :) . Or maybe it wasn't a black guy but was that "Tan Mom" on a dark day! Orange u glad I didn't say Octo Mom : ) #3WordsOfAdvice trust very few... If I'm you, I'm rooting for Phoenix all the way in the other series. Pretty sure you've been allowed to since draft day. Now you can be downright giggly. Why do bitches think that they should not get knocked the fuck out if they put there self in a mans position I'm ready to go back there myself. Have fun! They probably do have an Asian Barbie. My pleasure, Holly. :) justin my life my best friend had an accident yesterday Carolina thanks for listening: '( 'bout to watch me some Happy Easter! I do not want Peyton in the they were just getting mad because I said I didn't have anything to change into I hate being sick:/ hey, no bad attitudes allowed in ny If (insert appropriate religious figure here) had meant for us to block the streets. They wouldn't have invented treadmills. Love all the acceptance letter retweets! I remember when I got my letter :) Wow, excellent news! Can't wait to get on your level :) yep. lol. Im going to go so i can get enough sleep for school tomorrow :\ goodnite (: There's no certainty – only opportunity. - We're just launching this week, so it's not in any stores just yet. But we'll list new places to buy on the web site, FB, etc. MY dad looks like his car they are both big and fat and have an evil GRIN xD You knew,bitch,I was a snake What's good on tv They have the power to get the folks to groove! RT : Black Joe Lewis and the Honeybears are making a bunch of white people dance. my wife had a 3g, now has a 4s, & my current android has a touchscreen but none compare to even my worst QWERTY for typing Why did you RT that........... did you pick the wrong one? LMAO 8'D pic or it didn't happen :) Yes she has. everything i said in that song was real. I hate everything about today...it's okay though because tomorrow I'm going to see , , and ! are you or are you not going to be a EyeCon??? Matt Damon said he would kiss George W Bush (on the mouth 3 seconds, no tongue) for his efforts on AIDS relief. No reaction from GWB...yet Definitely a foul. Need 1 TA Ace ventura > lol this movie is so funny The whole foods taco bar is of the chain! Why can't the homeless be more complimentary? If a homeless person held up a sign that said "You're Pretty" I would totally give 5 em bucks. Why is emily stalking my tweets -_- Man..... RT : Joel Anthony out scored wade Me and the homie got them Drake tickets for May. I finally get to see Waka Flocka Flame perform...my life is complete lol no question! Good look my man! We are what we repeatedly do, excellence then is not an act, but a habit - Aristotle // Make #SocialExcellence a habit love your designs on Dribble. Would love to talk about a small project. plz DM me. Thx uhhg I don't what to think about it :( Call me #oldfashion but some #titties make any movie better CORRECTION: Newark Public School's Meeting to discuss MLK Closing will be at 5:30 at MLK Elementary on S. 9th and Central Avenue in Newark! oh boy is it awesome to be a ambassador right now- special event on Thursday park and I'm there! #MAY FRIGGIN FAIR HERE I COME :'D! Didn't know what we were doing but we didnt care We were to damn young to know any better You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are. ~Yogi Bhajan because hes probably just so upset that he cant find Naughty Puppet II little know fact, is a fan of thanks so much!!! <U+0001F60A> great quote! Love it!!! We should all manage ourselves accordingly. #ShoutOut to all my new followers Did you know that I kept that for a year? And all this time I figured you'd be here. Love Petr Sykora, but please don't ever interview him again #ff miss you could be wrong name... Your Facebook pal w/ the dynamite quotes. :) yeah it was!!! I missed you trevelle! come in June. Club will be brand new. Keep in touch! Saw 'Hunger Games' movie this weekend, though. Really neat. But don't interrupt your current read for it. LoL I BET U HAD A BADASS PARTY FOR YOUR B-DAY HUH BIEBER? Excellent kid's show on Saturday put on by Storytelling Arts of Indiana. We'll be checking out more of their kid's shows. amen! I'm counting down the hours, too! Can't wait for some sunshine ad warm weather! Agreed. Nothing goes better with food than Winos RT : I think and should join forces. Never know when Google will crawl resources - this can be an issue if you switch link resolver providers - Herrera it's a frisco thing. Look for San Diego in Michael Bay's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen! I told you i had to go to church lol : Adams' Hallelujah Junction? YEAH BUDDY! haha Or -8..I'm bad at math. I just picked up BETWEEN THE ACTS the other day to locate a quote and I couldn't put it down. Magnetizing. i work to hard to let it effect my glory the lord has a plan for me! Retin-A? Did u know that it takes down your PH balance leaving your skin vulnerable to the environment Use DNA’s all natural Super Vitamin A Haha, that's great, except that doesn't explain me. Mine="grew up in a town of 600 ppl & not used to locking her door" Heads-up, bball fans! “: In case you...missed it...the NBA tentatively reached a labor deal - es.pn/vrYolV” we stopped on m is for manatees..it's leeman's turn I'm gonna remember this If golf was easy you wouldn't need 14 clubs, a dozen balls, and 3 other people to see where the hell your ball goes-Anonymous let them know that chi town pizza is no where near ny pizza ny pizza is king Hahaha yes! RT : the funny thing about work happy hour outings is you find out how much everyone hates their job. o_O I was absent from school last week because I was bitten by a snake and died, but luckily I was reincarnated this morning. who run the world?! GAYS! Wow! Was that 40K live, or 40K on a stream? (combined?) I absolutely need a drink right now YES! We are! They are a huge inspiration for our music Just in case : ) #YEE Listening To To Hear You (; Pine tree sex all over my car. Hello, spring. My question is how does he stay so skinny Boston Restaurant Week ENTREES! Guinness World Records is acknowledging a 44-year-old Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78-foot wave off the coast of Portugal White Girls >> How can these grown women let other women talk to them crazy on I get around! Hey! Are there any more bday packages left for tonight? Man these bitches tht wrk at McDonald's can't do thy job! I was the shit whn I worked here broke all the records taking orders in drive thru Happy birthday, ! Hope you're having a great day! There are no words. They go crazy at sounds. We freak out furry critters are going to invade while mama coon trots across roof. No one believes when you say how old you are, might as well not tell them your age esp in this business!:) Awesome Power! Click...send. It's birthday! Any suggestions on what sites to see? We have kind of a free day tomorrow. Can we do something cool and free? Skeehan on the demographics of empire. Thinking about paper money and credit as tools for exploiting dislocated people. lol, that feel more pre-mw than mw, the only community where the fights stop when we break out the booze! Whoa, that's awesome!! #ThingsDatPissMeOff generic ass txts like I just wanted to say hello or hey how you Members Card Magic +10 (25 units) You can derail initiatives for change by blaming the library's woes solely on sytemic issues ": I'm in Florida. Got my hoodie.....UNDER MY ARM. #neverknowwhensomeneighborhoodwatchguywillgooff" Phew! People are always coming up with new and creative ways to insult me, so I had to ask. that's totally okay! We'll be riding in good old Milwaukee, WI on Friday! hey! I was shooting the same meso near Belmont harbor. Where were you? Great shot! Made me laugh. Could start an annual Rear Window Christmas tradition. Less depressing than the other one. Follow me on instagram ((: Movie recommendation is the original "Dawn of the Dead" Shes a doppelgänger her new dude look like her old dude c'mon now yeah now its HEY GET UP GO SLEEP IN YOUR BED\!!1 Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. - Richard Bach they say online on many sites sony flagship player to come out around april may june the latest is it? Today: Drumline practice was just cleaning. Stole an owl for Emily. Watched Stepbrothers with Doug. I always wanted to be the dude that drove the back wheels of a long fire truck. . - Illuminate/Agresti & Ghost Flower/Jaffe (scary/spooky) & Croak/Damico (scary/funny) - can't choose just 1! mea culpa. I considred the UK part of Europe. Didn't mean to step on toes. I just miss her. not really, but ill be fine. Hopefully :/ Want to go back to Kindergarten, you had a nap time, only fights were over crayons, and the only drama was if Jimmy really ate glue or not. I have had just about enough of your jip. Pipe down and hush your gums. Go fight something and be uselfull with your life Vulcans are a deeply spiritual people. :) Bumping to my new CD waiting for Damon. He can take all the time he wants, I could listen to this shit all day absolutley i hope they sweep them...prob unlikely but if we can & get some rest....that would b perfect! Coming Up in about 10 minutes> Betty White's "Off Their Rockers". On NBC, Tune In !!! I'm just sorry 'Vengeance for Beginners' wasn't available when I was an undergrad at TCD... I need a drink after work After work who's with me HA! Oh man, that sounds like fun The Rock starred in a new trailer Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, translated into Russian film called Journey 2: The Mysterious Island unless you been with every dude on the planet , you CANNOT say all dudes are the same , cause that shit ain't true. Guitar and keyboard tracking today... and plans begin on something special Well tell me woman!!! The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do. ~Thomas Jefferson Hey #Boston, come one come all to join at 9pm for a Game Watch as the Huskies beat Iowa St. i'm following because she and rule. omg yes! My two faves, passion roll and mango combined! No way! Neat! We meet in cyberspace again! Lumpy! The weather is perfect in #Miami!! "... And that's why I don't like putting OFF switches on Apple devices." - Steve Jobs is it Mikey again next thing, we will be a bellwether state too time to roll down the hill to the "feast". Hard choices. Gelato or cannoli? Uphill may not be pretty. " He called his style the “iceberg theory,” and I would agree that in his writing there is a lot going on under that apparently spartan sur… fear of repetition. again. Just installed MicroMod's Gingerbread v14 on my Nexus One and it is AWESOME! Oh, live in lavender! it won't let me send a message... Good morning Seattle and Happy St Patrick's Day! Polish Hill Earth Day Clean up Saturday 11 till 2pm Meet at the PHCA Office I pull it out ya girl....she tell me put it back in !! So funny. RT : #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people look like oompa loompas in the middle of winter. yo' mama wants to know- what are your plans for this valentine's day? EDUCAUSE Policy staff participating today in National Data Summit in DC hosted by Data Quality Campaign In Buff till tomorrow..Then heading back to Boston on Saturday.. so cold in my house right now. Bend it over, touch your toes Supposedly The Pokemon video games are bringing families together. So after 14 years, Japan's plan to take over The USA is finally working. Thanks for supporting Fat Fancy!! Keep rockin sister!! Fat Solidarity!! It's getting real Aww! You're very welcome! And thank you so much! I can't tell you how much I appreciate it!<U+2665> Heading off to the Association of Threat Assessment Professionals monthy meeting... San Diego.. see you there!! How does what we think about poor people affect programs like food stamps,TANF or cash assistance? -- said it was a good Madmen tonight. haha what's the design?? “: your pic look like u miss Kim kardasina” really If you really want to know about mistakes you should ask your parents Awesome! Any questions? Nolan's INCEPTION was amazing! A must see!!! Great acting, gorgeous effects and unparallelled storytelling - can't wait to see it again. Y'all twitcon is too cute!! honored & humbled to be at an amazing center for higher culinary education CIA greystone this week I think these bitches are delusional!!! I'm starting to keep my distant, walking contradictions SMH. I love my Bestie though <U+0001F618> I'll make him love again<3 is looking for a torrent of etude aux casseroles by Pierre Schaeffer with no success thus far, g'dammnit. respect should always be one of the main factors I don't wanna be a whore, i wanna be your whore ahahahah oh good ole' My favorite aunt is a nurse! Happy Nurse's Week to all the fabulous nurses who take care of us every day! xx My co worker tryna fight her sleep lol The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and true. Its a hard subject since respect means something diffrnt to every1. Equality is static so maybe the word is easier 2 use. Did you turn the dorm into a magic school bus? Because I dont think he'll mind if you did that Lord bless me! In need of your favor! Yep, my Twitter & FB feeds confirm that I'm likely the one person on the planet who hasn't seen #HungerGames yet. cldn't Vitt just pass blame up-hill to GW like Hargrove did? make him ultimate fallguy for it? Driving at night...not for me Thanks! I'll pass it on to the team. You'll be rejected—it’s not personal. Every model get’s rejected, including “super models”. It’s the ones you do get - that counts. Honored to be following my bro EVERY night.. why do we do this to ourselves ? I got you covered. :) there will be posts. Keep posting great content. Thanks for the RTs! I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer Couldn't they find a better Unisex person for that Domino's commercial? This summer is going by so slow. Hon...? I can't stay much longer at the moment... I just wanted to say this while I was thinking about it. buy them!!! WHo me yes u couldnt be den who Who's upstairs screaming? We can hear you down here. (; Thanks for the RT ! You know your Milwaukee Cuisine ;) Life is a duty, complete it.Mother Teresa. so happy for you and your going to be awesome parents! Glad I was there for first downtown dirty dog! At work with it needs to hurry I'm ready for a vaction..lol Oh boy...steer clear of the c word. That could end the party. For you. hahaha that looks fun! They aren't perfect, but we continue to improve them and build out their functionality ": I shine we all shine"I eat we all eat!!!! Do you like forums? Thanks Jimmy! Will the Nerfs be available to the public? Stand out, Get noticed and be Visible. you are right that is a sick song, Also the live video of Hurt on youtube is crazy. Reznor gives one of the best performances #ravennation is ready so pumped LMAOOO!!! I am so happy RT Y'all I can't even flex. I got my ass played last night. Shit hurt my feelings 2nd job interview is buying me good beer will make the ride seem better When setting-up a #donor visit, don't have the meeting on the phone! Focus on scheduling. Suggest dates & times. Pink is my favorite color! I love it! :] getting higher man so I can laugh :) & a kiss Onna forehead. <U+0001F618> You must share your learning...I am so interested in rethinking PD! It is. Strange season too. Lots of injuries throughout the league. Prefer dogs? :3 what position do you play and where does it hurt on your arm, and how long has it been hurting for? can't believe you're awake Yay! Happy Birthday, Brett! RT : Happy Birthday to #SocialFabric member ! When a guy knows what your favorite color power ranger is, that's love :) Aha is so epic!! C: First audition of the year--2010 off to a great start! yea am better bro thanks for askin.... When we get to the hotel I'm ktfo. I was being a smart ass. ;-) Her hair was flawless <3 uh yeah....and I called you back a little while ago, Mary! Any advice for my high school small group I lead? Discussing James. attempting to put together some sort of schedule for #ala11 ...let's see how this goes! Playing on "If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort." --Dave Weinbaum The are straight frightening. also, the original version Kindle--you'll probably want that for your eyes, not the Fire--is just $79 these days. Such a steal. I am so sorry! I didn't mean to kill you! At least... you'll feel better now :) Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Eating Reeses Puffs 10 minutes before my first exam for the win. So Wright goes 2 for 5 in this game and his average goes down. Step it up. lol ya pushing it..just a friendly hug..is all :-) that would be epic. If you streak through mine, I will return the favor and strikes, and outs, and pretty much everything else that has to do with the game oh followers you should follow ! meet your new favorite band!! ;) I am finally heading home... it was great to hear #marymountu student presentations on c18 novels, but I am tuckered! I love it best when my house smells like summer. 75 degrees in NYC! Anti Bully Show times coming up! can i be part of the lyric video please? :) its the little things :). Wildfires in Arizona...I hope we don't get smoked out again. #NM I hated all that smoke last year. I respectfully disagree. I found Hoptimum a little cloying actually. I am getting sick of people not letting do what I want to do Thank you :) Good luck with that (and your Phillies). Happy birthday. Getting some beach time in after our Sunday night Rehoboth beach show Finally getting the hang of driving in Chicago the one with John Oliver? No. “: we have tickets to Interpol+Blonde Redhead at terminal 5 on Sunday. Follow + RT with "I LOVE " to enter” When you get up in the middle of the night & have to pee. my wife is couponing and planning a grocery store trip, #ohmygod someone please help me! Hello world! Welcome to the official twitter of the American Studies program at Georgetown. Check back often and tell your friends! I'm in the mood to go see a moviee. The acid trip scene from Mad Men is making me have flashbacks. My arm looks so weird right now. Without self motivation, you're clueless. 80+ degrees today!? What's everyone's summer playlist looking like? I don't even know what McGill is talking about anymore #Toyota emotional appeal = Sorting out a very busy schedule for the week. I wonder what I would do if I had multiple kids at age 21...hm enter the #NFLdraft ? Are you guys at the game right now? I <3 the midday classic MythBusters. Happy lunches! You guys rule. It's worth the super cable package :) Celebs should support Streetcar Named Desire! Excellent cast I don't run with many girls cus they talk to much I agree. I've converted to Chrome. ATrocious - and common, kids w ASD seek out water - and the results are usually catastrophic. OMG! pringles and hummus! I'm in tasty heaven :) went to see the hunger gamess but i already seen it so we went to see it again then we saw war horse Is there anything Mark Reynolds isn't terrible at? According to the American Association of Endodontists, more than 15 million root canals are performed every year. Go back in time - New York Post I have no desire to drink #jager but thanks for the shot glass necklace...u can never have enough of those (@ Fox Theater) RT : Congrats to for being nominated Future Leader of Tomorrow award. << Thanks! tell em not to touch the kicker next time What if you're a super good detective? Like Sherlock Holmes! If you live in Arizona you should probably bank with Arizona Central Credit Union. I'm not even gunna speak on it. Imma just get even on it. hey, you're a jerk! ...50 million dollars and lost a twenty dollar bill. :S great idea!! <U+FFFD> There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. <U+FFFD> Martin Luther We look forward to having you back RT : My boyfriend and I had a great time! We'll be bringing his mom back in... I don't understand why teachers decide to pack all the homework and projects on when it's the last 2 weeks of school Waking u up w/ overnight news, weather+traffic get u out the door on time NOW music to start ur day smiling:) let's start w/ Must have been frustrating that everyone wanted to naturalize, essentialize & dehistoricize handwriting. You kept your cool! Love your site. Not only is the content amazing but the yellow/black/white style is great. Let's chat sometime! Its bout to go down me and my husband be on some extra freaky ish wiw my mind and body stay gone I love it lol night tweeps! She left the bathroom smelling sour. will you ever follow me,i love you so much <333 I see where I am...but God see's where I shall be. You only walk once that's the motto nigga YOWO Annoy A Yanks fan- Tell him you know why Marilyn Monroe was attracted to both JFK & JoeD - buck teeth. #redsox bit.ly/mightannoy I wish I could be strong without the scheiße, yeah. OMG!! You've GOT to hear this message! It's just 7 min, but u will love it. Call 800-394-6919. Text me after you hear it. So awesome! Who's at RollarJam going to meet the ICONic Boyz? =) Yeah,I found my headphones in a trashcan and this kid is annoying <U+0001F47F> #DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you ever go back to black hair?? You guys, my little sister informed me I wasn't OLD OLD until I was 24. That day has arrived. Hey #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included. you going to A$AP the 29th? Biden wants to rename that operation "Obamaha Beach". who will be the next that joins the family of The Big Blue Nation?? Go Cats!! Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week Love is a decision we make about how we treat other people. Business in the front, party in the back. He's got 68 already! Your name should be #fb mobile hack going into html5 session I bi polarly love you On that note night night and I hope to see everyone this Saturday @ Fire on Water, 518 N Water Street, 4-8...be there. It will be a blast! Happy Anniversary, Lovebirds! Imagine if they'd built a "Republican car." It will only be able to drive in reverse. I made wings and they had a whole food animal welfare rating of 2. Hm... thanks for the shout out, Janice! Hope you have a fabulous Monday, too. <U+262E> goodnight, much love, sweet dreams to u, and God bless :) Eating lunch at the oldest tavern in america, est. 1674. Across from Goat island. It's a damn shame when you use your kids to get sympathy from people Born and raised. Nice to virtually meet! Let's keep in touch. Would love to hear more about your work. I feel like the girl at the bar that been there to long Haha. The joke's on them: I use altavista and dogpile! of you can't do that, what good is this life? " If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run." why you're single! At a casting director workshop at 9:30pm & it hasn't started yet! Will have to rethink my membership in this workshop group. Last night's SNL is killing it so far. Usher's definitely doing climax next right? the account is an account that bashes filipino stars on twitter. She makes stories and all. Unfollow her. :( feeling groggy I'm looking for recipricating links for my website. If you are interested let me know. It will help our rankings on our websites. Move over Big Eddie, there's a new Sheriff in town gets to work! Beautiful outrage! Calls out sexist bigots yyyyyyyyyyoooo man what is up bro Even tho it's my beloved Toon, I cannot give a penny to that shower of donkey shite that is FSC. Would rather shag Esther Rantzen Where have you been ? long time I didn't see you :| I miss u <U+2665> To our loyal followers Mention us and tell your friends to follow! The person with the best mention gets Something very special! We're still in the process of getting into the new office, so B patient if U're trying 2 get a hold of us! If 911, email Who's ready to place their order for RG3 Jersey? I want to model for the #NOH8 CAMPAIGN!! :D Have the punch! “ Do it to it, amigo! RT : I need to eat at , like, pronto. #hungry #chicago” "Life is based on time. Therefore if you waste your time, you're wasting your life." I'm too public relations for life. i guess it's like fasting on bread, cleanses the system? : Q5) Before leaving Dagobah, Yoda pleads with Luke to complete his training. What could inform Yoda that Luke wasnt ready? For real bro could having 100 hours in Fallout New Vegas be considered antisocialism? you looked gorgeous in your prom pics!!!<U+0001F618> Fine don't text back!! :( they not tho I need a long nap I will NEVER EVER fall in LOVE,why do fools fall in LOVE???? They swear up & down the world is ending this year, & these MFs can't even get the weather right, smh Create a landing page to capture leads You'll want a landing page to capture your leads I was like ahh fuck no... Then he spoke and I was like All the Awards Mr. Wesley flawless nah ah your just horrible at guessing!!:) lol Do you have Merrell Barefoot shoes? I'm thinking of getting them and maybe start barefoot running. Any knowledge? just come, their really nice especially Kristel. She's cool. :) Happy Birthday lovely! :) Gunna sleep mad god exactly. just think what our society would look like if more people actually read. could be almost sane and pleasant! dude bring me some of those, They look legit Getting paid to ride the escalator. WAIT!! CAN YOU PLEASE WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP?! PLEASE!!<3 I feel that way about clumpable kitty litter. Pure genius. I'm saying of my experience it was a choice for me...but its like I know its wrong but still I didn't wuna believe it No one dies a virgin, Life screws us all. Cool #Samsung commercial. Liked the song incorporation best though that's how even small towns do it. Why can't a large city figure it out? Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla! The party people are at Esco tonight. Come out and let loose. No cover, just shots! 2905 Travis. 77006. Good Lord, Twitter, what makes you think I'm going to follow either the AARP or Mitt Romney? Ugh I came home and knocked out for two hours! Dang lol my top 3 docs: The Secret, Fuel, and Food Inc. if u havnt seen them yet, check em out! In that order :) can i get a follow please? I love ur show John is my fav show currently on TV! Glad you love it too. I need to watch FNL on Netflix. what's your username?? Oh come on...they're inducting Lou into the Cotton Bowl Hall of Fame at NOON on a THURSDAY? Work with me people! Thanks so much! We will make sure to keep you updated! 100% no way he isn't on peyote after reading those hugs store and black crow ones. Snow day has turned into a snow week. Tulsa has been declared a disaster area, and the governor has requested FEMA assistance. Anyone have the over/under on how many Mayors Sunland Park #NM will go through this year? is it worth reading now that I saw the movie?? - YoMama opens in Brookfield today! i never played with you lol what your acct that you play on the most so i can add you we open now! My mood today is, "Fuck you. Pay me." Couldn't agree more, in general. But picture one losing to the other, with the winner losing to UNC in FF? I'm an IU fan anyway. Science test today. I'm fucking screwed... I can drive her to school. Depends on conflict start time with but we can make it work. Where can that James debate be seen? I'm on a sea of moving emotion, tossed about like a ship on the ocean Beauty agenda: 7th Makeup Show New York, 5th Hair & Beauty watching the episode of the power rangers when the puddies turn people into cardboard cut outs. Impressively economical plotline. How is it that even when you don't overeat, Thanksgiving dinner leaves you feeling bloated? We roll like that! RT : Hah! That's the mark of true deliciousness. Working on VO hi super beautiful girl who I definitely haven't seem all day;) I DISAGREE THAT YOU HAVE TO SELL YOUR SOUL JUST TO MAKE IT.... SMH... AINT SELLING MY SOUL FOR #PARTYRIOT .. ILL WORK #HARD than PLAY sushi with my big brother :) The Hounds Below are killing it! Page says: "Already invited? We've temporarily exceeded our capacity. Please try again soon." Hope it opens soon.Thanks Sherree!! Hello. Have a great weekend No problem. -- LA, for the most part. It's hard to let go of people who mean so much to you but sometimes it's necessary to promote growth in both parties. Got my spring game ticket Is anyone out there working with 5d mkII files in Avid Media Composer 4? I'm crying out of pure frustration right now. Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam this Thursday from 7 to 10. Hehe;)) and I don't know why he isn't in, I don't think she was allowed to tell me?:) Movie recommendation is Seth Rogan in "Pineapple Express" #Nighthawks Fans: Check this out! RT Part 2 is here: Maurice Clarett: A Life in Two Parts grantland.com/story/_/id/720… To be fair - Number 6 can cause bodily injury. New Tweet Peeps! TFTF!,, In New Delhi watching the 61st Republic Day celebrations of India. Impressive! I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I. Tygas voice is sexy Lou Gossett Jr is coming to Boston in November as part of the Ford Hall Forum. He's speaking No the league shouldn't punish those guys, but don't let your bias show when you ask. Get those () outta there man! #fair? Can anybody tell me why the hell there's high fructose corn syrup in Slim fast trail mix bars? edgar just can't get a date Does his (genetic) Nashville Pussy connection not get him any more credibility than that? Power like the president U think u slick but u not slick u sly but remember a slick mf always slips or trip Sounds like a plan! RT : sounds like a plan. I will stop by and we can chat. Did you Know: Soil contaminated with heavy metals can pose a public health risk, especially for children who might play, and may swallow it Diane Willardferd: "I lost 29lbs in 9 weeks and I didn't change my diet. Thank you Quick Gym". www.quickgymcs.com Ready to see if 21 Jump Street lives up to its reviews! We don't have to do this We don't have to act like friends As much as I would love to I really just don't think I can hahahaha girl omFg, such a ridiculously STUPID and long tale! Earthquake in delhi, about 6.6. Quite a shake, looks like no injuries what's your PSN name?!? Please play some black ops with me!!! because of one idiot who sent some autoplay music within his comment we've got to delete many others in order to find the motherfucker.. Victoria Justice is very beautiful :) yoooo and i thought chicago weather was bi polar damn san antonio get yall shit togetha lol yep. going to make my next tape good no problem! Yo jay what are you up too? Can i come over and unlock my phone lol Happy may! "Just in case" info & learning is a clear sign of a dependency on resources. While "just in time" learning shows your resourcefulness. can u follow me? please I remember when the LA Times Festival of Books was at UCLA. I haven't been there once since it moved to USC. A dumb truck I love thunder actually for real? "Imagine a world without free knowledge" “ A man is known by the company he organizes. -A. #Bierce #afb” we will see Missing saltines and chicky doodle right about now. RT : RT : "3 Apples that changed the world: the one that Eve ate, the one that fell on Newton's head and the one... - U are my tweetheart. Um m m! Nite! Why does #Amazon think I'd be interested in Bibleman DVDs? This epic Saturday now leads to the . Lotus is playing tonight while Mos Def plays around the corner at Howard U gotta agree with that sarcasm. Thanks! It's going to be a blast! I'm not sure about this fat Betty storyline. Not aware of any research that supports cubes and presenteeism = results from knowledge workers. Might hear that, but no data. Get me out of here so I can enjoy my first night of summer ! Add my new account!! 5 TT's about oh yes I love my boys <3 Plans for a long, restful lunch break are a wash. But at least I have a few minutes to *eat* lunch. Caddyshack is on! I can't lift my arms today. So I'll yell at chad too even though idk who he is. & I are so loving to one another. really dont appreciate creepers who pull up along side me when im running. no i dont want to be your friend. no i will not give you my# morning Mz E < I say it a lot, but it's true. She is wuts good round here in the FLA. Hope you have a great day Mz E Mundane tweet of the day: I'm chewing gum. rehearsal day! ready to jam! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Social Good Detroit! We are thankful for our loved ones and mindful of those less fortunate. oh goodness!! let me know how the A&R stuff goes for sony/atv and stop by next time you are at 550. "What you seek is seeking you. <U+2015> Rumi” Thanks! My id3s pulled, but some of Spotify's override my artist and genre edits. I don't want/need 40 different metal genres. "I am so sick of the term 'hipster'" -Santigold 8.10.10: BOOKED a role in the video for the book THE INTELLIGENT DIVORCE, written by Dr. Mark Banschick..."Because Your Kids Come First". thanks man. sorry this week was such a bust. I was really looking forward to connecting with you. Just made it home about to lay it down!! I had a fucking blast!!!! Man o man, downtown gots some hott ass bars!!! Night Twitches!!! always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a #BaylorFan! Farmpark features rail fun all weekend - Plain Dealer (blog) Irony: people who drive a Ford Focus that have no focus. HOw much do you really ??????? peAce bruh! Dont ask me for nothing, ever again. Did Godspell not get one nomination? My dads driving me to the airport, left at 2am for 5am flight.....Best dad EVES!! Detectigo is proud to be the official sponsor of South Dade United (Official Group) youth soccer club! Go Thunder! We have the strength to stay alive we have the courage to stand up we have the power to be ourselves we can do anything we can try harder Wish me luck, 2 baseball and 1 softball game today with the kids...plus I coach one of the teams. Oye going to be a long hot day! (But fun) Winter Fest opens today! Check it out during its run through the 31st. I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!“: Yes it is... Feeling a little old school. Stone Temple Pilots? I think yes. Thanks so much!! :)) “: Being romantic is so mother fucking gangster.” that's some G shit right there! It's official: Jeffrey Kirks will be portraying the role of Quinn in our new scifi short #Knock. -JO That would be us. MT : Today, a historic house I did a blog about featured my posting on their Facebook page.... is anybody else's blackboard not working?!? Check out the Search Meets Social Event today at UNM SUB from 11-2. $50 gift certificate giveaway to the UNM Bookstore. What makes a company great is not primarily its top leaders, but the quality of its innumerable everyday ones. - John Holmes Big ConGRADS to all those takin their last steps of their Paine College journey today! At the Gigantic Brewing grand opening! City that Never Sleeps is delicious! Congrats Ben & Van! saw Marine One flying from from Camp David while I was coming home from Gettysburg. Just completed the Goodwill #walk4work! Brad will still start the bidding at $1 indeed I do. wrote some ill shit today. haven't recorded in forever though. most of Tales is online, except for two tracks. Wow Afflalo layed it up near Bynum and didn't get punched in the chest! lol oh, no! Sorry! The American Cancer Society uses a "Blogger Advisory Council" to help them as a sort of kitchen cabinet says We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98% of our food is prepared in house so stop in Another successful day of writing!! Liner notes reference Colbert in CD benefit for with JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood BradPaisley etc Today I would like to study Biology. I need to be Biology literate and would also like to teach it (tutor). How can #pharma and other health organizations get involved in #heartRX and #rxadherence? CyberSecurity Bill Passes in House: No Tack-on for Internet Poker Hey, everyone, author has broken down and joined us here in the Twitterverse. Give him a "Howdy!" and a follow, why don't ya? Im watching i just want my pants back and this dude was wearing a shirt because you would love the sound of your own voice? Michigan will get there again, someday. In David Brandon we trust. It's like someone peeing coffee. Thanks, Donna! Glad that you enjoyed COVENANT! So, tired but I have to continue studying.. I actually watched Hearns/Hagler last week. Round 1 was best round in boxing history. I will email you some info.. Please forward your real email address and we can get started! AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it! gettin paid every week is the shit just one more perk of going to , is here! Hello, nxtARROW followers, this is Darren McCarthy, recruiter for nxtARROW. I'll be using this account. Please also follow lol yeah. I can dig it!!!! so you're saying you're not predicting the Mariners in the World series...? What cities is Uber in so far? NY? Thanks for the ReTweet! it's been real, Lex. “You can spend minutes...over-analyzing a situation...or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move ... on.” Just got done followin people Boarding my flight. Headed to NAB I Should Be Going To Video Shoot Sunday Unless Something Come Up Follow The Bro Music. Makes me. High. Currently in talks to be the Mark Ruffalo to 's Ed Norton. Stay tuned. #Teanfollowback follow me :) Traffic is horrible this morning Yeah yeah I am the nerd watching the Lord of the rings marathon on encore .. super duper excited about upcoming Hobbit movies too :p congrats Liz, you just locked up the "most obvious sexual joke set-up walked into" award for 2012! I'll be 30 in July. Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too. SEND THAT! #Ravens ranked No. 9 in #ESPN Preseason Power Rankings jus hit 4000 followers on Twitter. Thnks for the support Sad but SOO True excuse me betch** is my friendly way of saying bitch (: How many games do they have left, & what's the point margin for promotion? I'm excited I might get to care about EPL again.. phone fail. Support www.RunToStopDiabetes.com The best feeling having someone call u balling their eyes out after reading ur script!!! Congrats to ALL who received awards at this afternoon's Closing General Session! List of winners to follow... RT : Yes. sez that creating a separate tech strategy necessarily ghetto-izes these efforts. was this around BU? I've biked up there a few times recently and they like to step in front of me... Surprised Manning didn't consider SF more..With Davis and the addition of Moss and Manningham the aerial attack is sick.. WHAT SHALL WE TREND??? #feelingtrendy!! LOVE --> RT : Define yourselves by the good you do and bring in the world, by the truth you speak, and the justice you do. Given the qualities defining Mr. Mission, I'm more like Senior Adviser to the Undersecretary of Fuddy-Duddies. Time for a three some me , my bed & my blankets <U+E105> G.Night! #TeamFollowBack #Follow4Follow #InstantFollow #500ADAY #TeamAutofollow <U+E13C> I wish I could be brave #Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing! Right ? sounds good... I shall be on that then ...if you wanna let me know what game you want... I van do that or just some local The penalty for throwing around the word "pandemic" unnecessarily should be immediate exposure to the swine flu... Seeing Iron Man 2 with Steve. There are 10 other people here. at least I got my favorite seat. (@ AMC Theater - Clifton Commons) Being called ugly once makes a bigger impact than being called pretty a hundred times. The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do did you attend cranbrook when you were younger? They say #UAreWhatUEat but I ain't no #Pussy!!!!! Lord knows that this world is cruel. And I ain't the Lord, no I'm just a fool, learning loving somebody don't make them love you No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion <3 Cleaning up my actually i want everything in the world right now..... “: #Aries unknowingly give an impression of being selfish. They're not, they're just focused on furthering their own lives.” so me Another QB transfer who is immediately eligible? Seriously? When the bill comes due with football gods for #badgers, it could be huge. was Face Timing and we ain't have sht too talk about ! lmao Got my twitter.com/rckwll account and Facebook.com/djrckwll re-linked just in time for the Holidays Try to clear desk on Friday's. When Monday is almost a close & you can't see your desk, you know you're in PR :) TIme to waste another block filming random stuff in school! :D #VidCom <3 Yes I must He think you playing hard to get. New Sigur Ros coming up in about five minutes on ! Holy FSM... I do not understand how ANYONE could think Mel Gibson working on a movie of the Maccabees would be a good idea. EVER. hahaha xD if it was for dahvie , i would've done the same thing! Looks like i need to make a stickam lol There's one one Yarbrough its called Take 5 LOL RT : “: El Paso needs a piano bar. Love piano bars”. <--- I agree with you. Lol this spanish guy is talking about how he wants to go to Africa lol True. Team helped me find feet as new faculty. Meetings, team work, 11am coffee face time adds up. Also, I had set office.+ Insetad of macports or fink, try homebrew. It's much better IMO. Take a look at Carbonite. #canoeproject Can do with a canoe. watch out for croc-i-gators sure. but the word annoying is pretty harsh. oh well. can't plz everyone. :) we all know who loves cameras lol .. damn Mornin' :) how is your day going so far? Trying to do my best Jessica Niederberger impersonation lol RT : why are you at work on a sunday?? Just read the #Sandusky indictment and I'm now 1) thoroughly sick to my stomach, and 2) shocked it took PSU even 5 days to clean house. Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke. Yes, please. dirk daggers perfected.... dirk now up to 9 Yo Mama So stupid She went to an orthodontist for a blue tooth Never trust a food trailer that does multiple cuisines. They are compensating. Cast, I loathe you!!! I jumped the gun with my Scannebago tweet. It wouldn't be smart to sink time & effort into my near death RV. #Scannebago 2013? Imagination is more important then knowledge. Hi Christine! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how much people LOVE your brand DM? How to network: know that u learn @ lunch as much as in sessions Nights like those. Any to go for round 2 of P90X. I must have a death wish. Thanks Dave! MT If you care about biking, sustainability, and all things pure and good, follow the new account! Please give my colleague a lesson on so he can bring back some info to me. Thx. My lunch today is vile. Disappointing and sad (and hungry)! Ha, that'd be awesome! Oh I'm sure I will LOVE it, the cast itself is fantastic! Do u have a firm date of release? And how 'bout that interview? ;-) Hope everyone has a great morning. :) I feel like paintballing Saturday #MIA flipped the camera the bird during the halftime show? Didn't see it,but they are making a big deal out of it "Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does. #ITR313" The Neptune used to be THE place to see Rocky Horror Picture Show… love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 16 Affiliate Marketing is being Monopolized just finished day one @ annual NEDRA conf... enjoying a beer in Portland ME~ Now you're just somebody that I used to know my mom's for us getting that room... it could still work for us Forget the light at the end of the tunnel. It's usually just a break between tunnels. Learn to love the tunnel - Scrappy Project Mgmt book Above all things, never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment. -Andre Maurois & . Yes i do fell bad But it's not my problem that he had to leave early & its kinda off your guys fault because ... g'night all. hope pleasant dreams lead you into a beautiful and relaxing sunday... This chick turned down a job offer 2 work 25.00 an hour..wtf? RICK SANTORUM has been called out several TIMES by secret agent RA-RA. Once again she has nailed his BUTT TO THE CROSS. NLD Mom/ca.surv. RT : RT A new study says vitamin D may reduce aggressive breast cancers in black women. Are you getting enough?... no problem! :) no problem, I'm always here. (: I DONT KNOW WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE #creative dilemma: choose between the known and unknown (which is juicier?) Tried to do a pull up at the gym today. Didn't! The girl on the treadmill laughed. Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame. Too early for this Slim lol Can you promote our #NYC Corporate Research #Librarian opening to your followers? ! Has anyone tried using linux with the Intel G45M chipset? thanks for the opportunity! It<U+0092>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb If you like to cuddle before and after sex.. Looking frwrd 2 it“: Check out the CNN doc "72 hours under fire" on our journey into and covering #Syria. Airs Sun @ 8 pm ET" Thanks for the RTs Egg whites, no fat cheese, Irish oatmeal and a banana...what a great way to start your day...YUMMY! shop till you drop Jazmin, ship until you drop. I'm glad you have your scale calibrated accurately gonna get a shower and get dressed and hang out with ma homie! Yes mama.. See you then “: Dreaming!!!! So u cmg on Sunday” Norfolk St is about to blow my bracket all the way up Reference task of the day: creating a list of restaurant suggestions for my roommate. Complete with links to menus & cash vs. credit cards Thank you Koko! :) U got money to go out every night and party..but u can barely keep gas in ur car and u still aint move out ur moms house yet... "ppl with autism chiming in,too" !?! oh my, u do realize children grow up, don't u? Just watch my wildest dreams come true and none of them involving you I found this one to be interesting. My German teacher in undergrad was Latvian, so I was captivated by the history tonight. oh your kidding me.. u must be joking or u are smoking oh your kidding me haha that was a good one your first in a while u can stop now..... Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck Odd privileging of "less eye-catching acads" whose work exploited by "media-savvy colleagues." Whose tweed isn't shapeless enuf? Coach...can't get to sleep? Do some of tomorrow's office work at home. Don't just lay there Tonight is the night. Sing along to your fave Beatles songs on our patio. And the weather will be just right! Up Tired :-0 I sure didn't feel this way slumped in my seat during Game 6. RT flags last longer than 3rd basemen Just read abt the almond H20 will check out rose RT : almond water 2. Rose water w/ rose petals w/ Raki or absinthe. Strange clouds Beauty is power; a smile is its sword. Who wanna go hoop today in a Gym mostly because I move into almost hermit like tendencies if I am by myself for too long. I know it upsets me!! They also just cancelled Awake. Did you ever watch it? Ir had Lucious Malfoy as a human being... Ah! are nominated for the Billboard Music Awards! Yeeheeey! :D 006900- you're like my bestfriend and real funny! Hahaha. Cage match I'd pay for: Brian "Black Ops" Wilson vs. Aaron "Discount Double Check" Rodgers. Winner gets to swat Deion "Tinker Bell" Sanders. Who's going to tonight to see ? Beautiful morning with breakfast outside on Orange Ave #Coronado. Suddenly, a HAIL STORM! Seriously, I could use some "Vicious Circle" in my life right now Go. Unplug. Run. ESCAPE THE MADNESS!!! (miss you, mean it.) Hahah, I'm glad you saw it. I knew you would love it! BASHH starts in 30, and we're hard at work getting set up right now, and even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly!... Next week:I am single Finally gave in. Now watching #MadMen. So awesome. haha trust me you are :) and haha yea :) & well what do you want to talk about :) ? I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy Just saw the new Call of Duty video game commercial. IMO That's not right. RT : Thank you--I hope so as well! Have a great Monday too! *PS, I'm HUGE fan! :) Not in a creepy way or anything tho Have a terrific Thursday, my friends! <U+2606> <U+302A><U+302D><U+302E><U+302E><U+302B><U+302C> <U+261E> “The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.”—Flora Whittemore anything to her. Los Angeles :). Its such a beautiful city! What about you? loving #hollywood! #audition :) Quote of the day: measuring and sharing is kind of weriod Attack life before it attacks you. i've re-instated services for you. looks like we tried to reach you this afternoon. our billing group is reviewing (cont) Wishing I was attending #cil2010 this year. im already home, but it's only 2PM. i dunno what to do with all this time ... Raze app rec'd for 3211 Wisc. Torn, b/c clearly denser housing is appropr. for that space, but demo by neglect or intent=thin edge of wedge. Congrats on your recent accomplishments, Dr. ! Good question for #sbchat tomorrow night. well I'm going to BoTS in Nashville. I won better tickets for Tampa but I can't make it! :( Happy Birthday to of ! Today's magic relationship word is APPRECIATE The look on my moms face when I said I was avoiding getting to the point in our conversation >>> hahaha <U+0001F633> by distracting you mean multis coming in at 200+ right Q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common? A: Liquor in the front and poker in the back! Missed service tonight? Just want to hear it again? Contact to get a copy of the audio from tonight's service. & i look up 2 u gys & u r my inspiration & i would LOVE for you 2 follow me!(: Will you be coming to Wednesday to see perform? See you there! i don't claim no riches, or any miracles but im doing better careful if u put it on the windowsill follow mee :D well I can tell you one thing that they might break up and you will have a chance :) Just a big thank you to and for doing all this for us! You guys are awesome! Fuck a Hype Beast im on my own shit Oh hai, thanks! Virginia man receives decades-old postcard from mother depicting Chicago's ... - Washington Post Lunch with hubs is not nearly as much fun. loved hearing all the fantastic stuff is up to from your eye on them..they're going to blow mobile up. wow the lies coming out of scott walker campaign to save butt from recall are incredible and volumnous.. what a horrible politician. and i have tues./thurs. classes Find your freedom in your music find your Jesus Find your cupid<U+2665> I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums Please advise: My supervisor asked me to make sock puppets. I've done them for fun, but isn't it bad to do it professionally? Fun Fact: in his spare time Grover Norquist is a PhotoShop whiz who enjoys depicting members of Congress in sex acts with animals. so this guy who ran the first "marathon" he was by himself, so who really knows if he ran the whole way i mean he could have hitched a ride What did you think of Tupac's "appearance" at #Coachella? We need to give the Nuggets credit for there half court offence they only had 14 fast break points last night out of 113 pts awww poor baby...how u feel now? "so great at constituent services" and track record shows embezzling funds AND stealing from CHILDREN, I say we need new standards. is performing LIVE at tonight - Show starts at 9pm!! I tell them all the time to end their friendship and they don't listen, I'm not helping them anymore when drama happens Writers: Know any lit mags that like longish short-shorts (1500-2000 words)? Thanks for listening! Raisin canes run with the boys Lacan on Science: "truth in its specific value remains foreign to the order of science" I just want to live my life to the fullest and have fun im not trying to be a "rebel" I freakin love my mommy... jus to let y'all kno she jus called and gettin drunk jus like me! New plan: going to watch the season premiere of Shameless and House of Lies. Try to laugh my way out of the Steelers loss. really ? text me love, tell me everything . OFFICIAL SPRING BREAK PARTY SCHEDULE.THESE PARTIES AT THESE VENUES ARE INCLUDED ON THESE NIGHTS AS PART OF THE RED CARPET VIP PARTY PACKAGE Bring your best! Be inspired & inspiring! Leave them better than you found them. :-) “: Feels like it should be Friday...” totally agree! dj pepper ann??? Lmao. I just changed my twitter name! now it sounds less like my first hotmail email address and more like my name Big Announcement: We have a US star name who will star in Season 2 of Vegan 101 series. We will announce who it is shortly. Yesterday I saw the "Hunger"...hm...I don't know...I need to think about it... KTWV (94.7 The Wave)/L.A. got a mention on the season finale of NBC's "Up All Night." What's your fave radio shoutout on TV or in movies? i want my signed hat...~ okay... Wow that's happened to me before I just hate dating it's so confusing and now the who wanted to kiss me is texting me ugh!! doesn't sound like anythings wrong to me!! Nice quote :) Success is not measured by what you do compared to what others do, it is measured by what you do with the ability God gave you. thanks!! Feel free to join the group! I hope to check out one of your shows soon!! One more script to read and. send me two faster paced ones too so I can have 3 on my joint Two and a Half Weeks to Maymester | Taming My Monsters mahalo nui 4 follow Author of The Shark Dialogues!!! What an epic and wonderful book I<U+02BB>m a *fan* *fan* *fan*!!! Wake up! We have a big, big, big, big day ahead of us! Poker tourney tn To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. Good Morning! "The fruits of life fall into the hands of those who climb the tree and pick them"-Earl Tupper Have a wonderful day! I'm doing quite well. Just getting after it. Classes & such. How about you? Sounds like ur working a lot! which is great! Praying for 5s!! No one blames you Pushy people I have been offered a zip for ninety.. So maybe .. I think we can all decide when we meet up. x My ear hurts..... Alot What if life expectancy was like that movie In Time?!? ..Bum asses would be a dying breed. haha my dude trying to get that twitter fame RT #ThoughtsofaREALMAN I'm so committed to God not only would I never lie or cheat on you.. But I wouldn't wanna disappoint HIM .. You're welcome Love the clear info you put in your blog! Emily is the truth! I Live! Tied record for heat in Orlando yesterday and broke record in Melbourne...What about today? Tune in now Stupid bored .. I need to go to sleep. Maybe I accidentally had some wine with the NyQuil.... But do those a train wreck make I? P.S. Hi Greg!!! You're going to be disappointed when you don't know tomorrow where #VCU is going. Today is only Friday. my spelling however is not Sitting at about to have a really nice stout, and some dinner...I NEVER get to do this! Plus every time I lean forward to get some power behind my pushes, the automatic flusher gets triggered and throws me off. messages you on skype..let me know “People admire us for the things we stand for, but respect us for the things we won't sit still for.” Congrats to Ranger Rob: The Movie on the upcoming showing at the Palm Springs Intl. Short Film Fest. 6-21 - 6-27 www.rangerrobthemovie.com if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have Thanks for the RTs! real talk tho.... I wouldn't trust a drug free producer with my joints if I was an artist lol the car can be replaced, you can't. Glad you're okay. #2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>16 Opening! SENIOR COMPLIANCE OFFICER, NYC: Working for a global trading firm. Broker-dealer, global trading, technology experience JD or MBA. Just realized I'm working on something later this month that is going 2 piss some of you guys off..But hopefully it'll make most of u happy! National Kiss Day tomorrow? Ohohohohoooon I'm glad you like it!! howd work go lady? I have a huge list of things I need to do in the next 30 hours before I leave for Africa. Challenge accepted. the writing is so sharp and funny and awesome. i fell in love with it head over heels last night. Hello sex if Twitter would let ne follow anybody back I'd follow back! LOL that bullshit! But thx for the follow & support in Raining wicked hahd. Not excited for 3 block walk from the bus. What time is the computer exam....... Teach how to use twitter when your in GB. That guy needs to tweet more. Gahhhh mood killer. happy birthday bro. Oh and look it's Kyle <U+E404> hahahaha not sure yet. Sounds great, Chad! Talk to you then! I saw nicolette!(: I didn't even realize. Happy Birthday! RT : Happy birthday !! Hope its spectacular. It's a quiet little tweet, but someone heard! Yay! Quarter life crisis is definitely a thing. I am in the middle of mine. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! "not silencing kids" - what is the reference on that? Loaded Landshark. Best beer/drink! lol I know I wish we could have known in advance though sheesh Happy international women's day! I've never been great at basketball but I'm fairly confident I could play for the Charlotte Bobcats. Hopefully not forever! ;) smile, your beautiful :) Make sure to follow I see u looking good. I just wanna be happy oh thanks...we must definitely will it's 1148 pm here! You are up early haha Adding you as a friend! any good purchases today??? otp w/this bitch.... IT'S OVER I need a Snuggie for work, it's always -4 degrees in my office Today someone somewhere is saying, "Sheet music? 'Notes' on 'paper'? How...quaint." Printing Specials this week.....5000 Business Cards Only $99 > Call 1-800-PRINTING in NYC ONLY It definitely isn't a comment rooted in the Bible, but rather one rooted in fear and anger. you really should! I was the same way but now I feel so great and it's only my 3rd day! 7 out of 10 young professional said that their expectations were met by attending trade shows (according to a new CEIR report). I'm pretty sure most seniors went to north park afterwards, I came home to rest :) RT : T minus 15 minutes: Starting fueling sequence for the first stage." Anyone ever notice how the pork flavored Ramon noodles taste nothing like pork and the oriental flavored one taste nothing like an oriental? Just remember, you wouldn't even be on the show if Teresa hadn't paved the way. You're the most basic of the NJ housewives tbh #PalmBchPowerPartnersBreakfast. Business meeting for the business champions. See you 4047 Okee Blvd. Come.Get.Grow.Go I think it's so cool that students are asking about next school year's musical already! Narrowed it down to 3 everybody :-) I thought the same thing Gas is pretty pricey I'd never get to go anywhere if I waited for someone else to pay lol (Not so much true) but I need road! a crack about a sandwich so big the inventor had to be from Wisconsin Pleased to see tweeting with more frequency these days. More emoticons! Would be great if messages/inbox have a way to see your sent messages (/ask) regardless if the other person answers. good senior prank ... LOL JK not not anytime soon. As long as you give me sum ^.^ Lovely day ahead! #ff a great leader and a real dude! Girls that always think guys are in the wrong <<< thanks Morgan (: I really tried my hardest to be nice. But you don't have a nice bone in your body. You are more beautiful than you know, more talented than you think, and loved more than you can imagine x The James Douglas Show is on 94 Rock right now! Tune in! Can't change the radio station fast enough when I hear Nicki Minaj's voice Ur the best!!! Thanks Girl! #TeenLifeFact will NEVER tweet & follow me. I I know that for a fact. "Klout believes you are influential about Bacon." YEAH!! Hey, #j202 a panelist at the event just said math/stats critical. Woot! hahaha yes exactly! I wish I had wings on my back! and we're back! Some people lose a hand like that and don't have the sack to ante up again...#goingallin ,and really Sorry to hear that.....will DM what the basics of the problem were...... #showcalves in barn, livestock fed, dogs napping, headed to last Christmas celebration. Sh*t! Something wrong with the electrical system on my car. Both the windshield wipers and defroster won't turn off. Makes for dead battery. Johnson yahh its my word u dont kbow me or what it means so stfu and quit judging hey, everyone wish my bestie a happy birthday! ------------> - Heading there Wednesday. Whoop! Virtually anything can happen next... it's just up to you #notesfromtheuniverse <3 Stunned? I will be graduating this time next year though, so I can then officially work as an adult in the biz. :-) "When I came to [DC Police] Department in 1964, there were 7 Blacks in a class of 100 [officers]" - Isaac Fulwood former #DC chief of police My ears are being violated by a punk's racist BS playing out loud on the #DCMetro. What I wouldn't give for a small EMP right now. Hope that your having a delicious, happy birthday today. Love birthday cake! Sounds perfect. Wish I could join you we need more drama games! Like heavy rain... And survival horror :) You are welcome, I had such a good time and what great folks. im just so in love with you guys So your on DWTS! You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250#, graceful & nice figure. Your a lock! they were clip in... Don't know about her brand! FOLLOW ME BACK:) 24 Not sure how much has been done with DMT but I know there have been clinical studies of the effects of LSD. sorry to be missing #TEDxABQ but I am out of town and having fun ONLY 20 tickets ARE AVAILABLE was good #ProudofAustin you did AMAZING. <3 i love you :b *squee* 50% off all sale items at means I got to buy two more pairs of my new favorite jeans for $40 TOTAL. YAY!!! i adore sleep. that is all. bout to take pics with this webcam. A Plus Warehouse now distributes medical carts by Lakeside. These are excellent carts used in major hospitals. Learn all about this new m did u see my email re yrbk? If not see me in am some ad notes for u. Need help? U can now txt us reports of greedy bosses. 720-440-2765... Born & raised in Madison, working on the insomnia :-) Loves it when the coach calls 2 straight QB sneaks with an added bonus of a fumble and a td brought back by a holding call. YES I think you can just connect your phone to the computer and it should all sync up... right? I miss buying #random purposeless dvds. Mario Lemieux, National Hockey League forward, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in 1993. right? thought i'd give it a whirl because yolo Ok - a Pink Floyd "related artist" is Stone Temple Pilots? I don't think so. I would never ever connect those two bands in my mind. Just wondering which uniforms Oregon will wear on Sat. vs. USC. After all, it is Halloween. Congrats! Glad we could be a part of it. love the update! There is a lot of fun to be had through social networking Niggas Then Brought Me Out There...Like I Dont...#BeOutThere! Literally got 2 hours of sleep in all for the past three days. Should we get a pool going? RT : Any guesses how long it will take to read that puppy? Oh I made an out at first, oh I'm a baseball player Oh my pants barely fit me... -My Dad I am crucified with Christ and yet I live. Bible The Bitch Acting Like Somebody Actually Care.... Bitch As..... Lawwd. Like NoBody Aint Even Asked Her How big is his bust potential? are we talking Ryan Sims bust level? or Wendall Bryant level? It's hard for me to picture Kelso playing a multibillionaire who changes the way the world thinks (Steve Jobs). Like American Idol it airs in September. I used to watch the European XFactor for years, Glad it came to the US I feel really bad cause I just went off on this guy for no reason..:/ #INeedJesus..! David and Melina Montelongo @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing At the #YoungProfessionalsOfAlbuquerque #LunchWithLeaders did a brief rundown re Kudos to my high school alma mater, Brighton HS, on being named one of “Best for Music Education in America” (via ) just looked up swype. May have to try it. Although I'm generally too cheap to pay for an app, I do make exceptions ; ) I'm not a bitch I just don't like you . your telling us...Suppose to be a nice weekend hope to see you on the patio!! blumlein or spaced pair? "Trying to replace/my feelings of vague dread with/specific concerns." . might make interesting crosstabs for Kos/P polls - try 'em both and see what happens? certainly would change paradigm i made it myself because my mom never cooks ;C aha Because you are my help, I sing in the shadow of your wings. My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me. - Psalm 63:7-8 would love to meet you as well! See you there! McIlroy or Tiger? yup, glee almost made cry tonight. hahah no absolutly not that was an all time worst..but i will say amish people need to jump in the shower cuz that doesn ... I LOVE and together! I have it! It's on my list to read after I finished all of your recommendations. (ALL OF THEM! "Dramarama" is really fun.) Hello...Good Evening o word u jus tatted lol i wanna c dat Bringing up Bryce Harper right now is a mistake. He's not ready mentally Not BT enough to get hooked at any of those places, but keep thinking I don't pummel Moby Dick's chicken kabobs on the regular! lame or not, i still got to see u guys...rite? lol. but awesome, hope philly treated u well! :) They got my order wrong at #starbucks and now the woman behind me is all pissed off. lol Movie night! To make up for this horrible day i miss 'im too. hope he's doing okay out there and loves these new kids as much as he loved us. Thanks...so far off to a good start! Kings<U+265A> & Queens<U+265B> Memory foam doesn't squeak when you get it in I may only be capable of making my dog happy today. At least that's something, I guess. I support the #BuffetRule but I don't think it goes nearly far enough. I'm a loyal rail mail dog but did you know sea post clerks on #Titanic also sorted mail on the move? Over 60,000 letters a day! LRT , so adorable!! Clearly I'm still hungover because that last tweet made no sense haha. But yeah, into beth ditto ..... Ben, would you make a YouTube video? We have no idea what to do and we are so excited to do it! I'm sleepy yet kinda hyper...WTF?! O__O RT ": Congrats, Boston Garden crowd, for setting the record for largest Miami Heat home crowd impression" I'm tryna learn how to make beats i swear its like that on EVERY CAMPUS Let's go kings!! “: NYC, Johns Pizza and a nap. Sounds like the start of a good week to me!<U+0001F44D>” I live in NY... ;) hahahaha follow me? hey i love you :DD Follow me please :D You are amazing :D Retweet :D holy fuck what the hell am I looking at omg Nope, nowhere near. I'm mopey and stuff. How are you? <U+C548><U+B155> <U+D558><U+C138><U+C694>, <U+C131><U+D76C>! Did I spell your name correctly? I'm here too Fancy Lad. RT : RT : Lay your hands on our economy, Tim Tebow. Help it to win again. You're better off drinking water. Lol. James glad to hear from you : ) No tally for me First ever TV taping was The Jenny Jones show. Jimmy Fallon tonight. I'd say it's a slight upgrade. yes why? My legs are numb <U+0001F633> "The cynic says, "One man can't do anything". I say, "Only one man can do anything." John W Gardner paperbacks but I am planning to get an e-reader in 2012. Good night :-) Sassy Saturday, yeah baby! I'm spendin it n the house. Lol did that play a role in a kids future? Huge, huge reach on your part Hey, I was Tier 3 CF Escalation Engineer for Adobe & on QA team that built CF8 (till they laid me off). Maybe I can help. Anyone using DyKnow in a 1:1 setting? If so, do you have any cool uses or ideas to share? Absolutely. I will keep him in my prayers. That must be awful. Probably because the gloves wouldn't actually help much and limit dexterity. If you were wearing gloves to protect your 1/2 Book of Tens: Jargoniest Jargon We've Heard All Year: Here's a List of Words We Wish You'd Stop Saying That video is the most disturbing Jay Carney clip I've seen so far. Which is saying a lot, dude is the ultimate scumbag. I know.. I'm pretty clumsy! Sad life I lead... swiss watches "The Dean" informs me there will be NO white hat for #Packy - you get a medalion anytime the #Queen is around. has lost his This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world. They should have expected us. that awkward moment when your tummy rumbles, and everyone around you asumes its gas. Lmfao -_- same. dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon there's so much pressure to stay at the top it's ridiculous. I'm worry they'll be a mass exodus this summer if they don't win it Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead. Watching Lock Up on MSNBC--hilarious. glad you caught me, Mark. It is at the Tampa Convention Center. The breakfast buffet opens at 6:30 am. Program starts tat 7. Remember those dark moments in your life when God open doors for you. Have the integrity to worship God for yourself! Be Encouraged! haha GOD joke about the 60 degrees part is this just a "best of" episode? Tuesday, high of 75 & allegedly no rain 'til this afternoon ("isolated t-storm"). Tonite: Pool tournament @ Ironwood, Open Mic @ the Brown. Wearing my creatures shirt tonight whattup We're headed to tonight for #acbw 6-10pm. See you there! AYE MAN IM NEW TO THIS LMAO Movie I've been watching: Robert De Niro in Once Upon a Time in America. Way too much sex; too little romance. follow back please? How was your day? Pre_____ RT : He's not my man just the closest thing that I have to a boo thang <3 I'm 13... what do you expect? From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. - Dr. Seuss Has any of my followers stopped in today yet? pure nostalgia. obviously. You should see Bronson. He is simply brutal in that movie. oof. Timing is everything. Listening to SO HEAVY. one hour to go,, been busy over here ER BUSINESS and business is good Im waiting for them to invent virtuel weights, so you can add yr weight digitaly to yr bar #BrewersTuesdayTrivia Randy Wolf when are you guys coming to the NO Cost of phone + data service is significant barrier. People with Scensy thingys: If I smell cinnamon rolls, I expect them nearby. It's not fair, what you're doing. Hows it going everybody? My parents piss me off.. sorry bout yesterday my phone is all f**ked up it still is tried yet? Will blow your mind. Boyz II Men On A Mission Thanks for stopping by! Looking forward to seeing you again! It's been too long, getting the itch. anyone got any suggestions where we can do another UpLate taping? Help us get to more fans too! I don't mean to jinx you...but 'tis the season ... thanks for the shout-out jason! SIX days left to register for the JPA 5k in Grant Park! Visit www.juvenile.org & help support JPA's mission to protect children from abuse! I may have single-handedly moved Skrillex and LMFAO to the top five listened-to tracks on the website. RT : RT "(Forests are) the "lungs" of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people" -FDR get er done and start selling to their customers. Hahaha I'll try that next time. Ima shave my head! I Think I'll Be Changing My AVI Soon. Tough pill to swallow. Badgers played a great game, but it just wasn't enough. Taylor and Wilson will be missed. ok, snow check issued, totally jealous! you go to steamboat, Geane to Brasil, me to #philly ? meh. we on? I am going to have to have a few Sporting Bombs before the next game to relax the nerves vs. Colorado thank you so very much . I appreciate that Thanks - how's life on the island? :) Who the fuck is Quinn Perkins? Did u know? The word actor refers to a person who acts regardless of gender, while actress refers specifically to female. Cool. Keep in touch. Rules of the Road #1: Always wear clean underwear & (#2) Carry a rubber! So this shall be new as hell May the Smoke be with you!!! Sometimes I wish money didn't have to exist. It shouldn't have to determine someone's happiness, let alone limit someone from being happy. Hey :D i'm on the home page again! yay!! =) because is coming straight to DVD there wont be an official trailer release for it. Be sure you pick up a copy! Hell of a play tonight! Not a Reds fan but I watch all the games I can just to see you glove it up the middle! it would be worse fit the movers! Word.“: Not one tea partier assaulted a cop, threw urine bombs, feces, raped, or vandalized anything today, or ever for that matter. should have another party! If someone convinces her ill love them forever. actually, your paintings are fantastic. I will be in touch with you! I am just a Lit shit in a toilet bowl full of of big turds!!! #Pope B16 to meet w/Raul, maybe Fidel, in Havana today; Venez.'s Chavez, in #Cuba for cancer treat, didn't ask to meet, #Vatican says. Congrats to faculty on Top Doctors list. See you at reception I need a manicure, a pedicure and to go tanning a few times. Go to tinyurl.com/aisofjoa to get a free I-Pad 2! ( FOR U!) Bring It On was the #1 movie this day in 2000. Give me an S! Give me a T! Give me a U! Give me a P! Give me an I! Give me a D! can see why it's your favorite you look amazing where are u at? :D Some ppl in life you should try and stay away frm. (drama defines them VACATION TIME!!!! I LOVE Martha's Vinyard!!! Dude, you would NOT believe how many hot white GILFs are on this island. Yeah, son!!! “: How I met your mother” funny as show right there! :) aha Just live your life with purpose haha - it was his hawaiian shirt under his jersey - coolest man ive ever met maybe lol he's the most talked about athlete, I love joking about the hype of him..!! Goodbye, cruel world. I'm leaving you today. Goodbye... goodbye...goodbye.. actually, don't. That's personal Sandra time. can come though. ;) Order sent to Amy in WI! It was the only thing that looked yummy at Starbucks. Lol. sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me.. #pghpenguins #pens “Please pull Johnson out of the cage!” <3 The intuitive application of exercise principles... -MindFirstFitness YOU are??? was really happy about the highlights i got at first now idk.. On my way to work. Imma need a prayer to get thru today.... Satrapi: "I have a problem w/ the Internet... makes world a small village - everyone sees if you have a finger in your nose." [rolls eyes] Had a great show tonight . www.focusSocietyMastermind.com University of Florida&#39;s Kytra Hunter Receives Honda Sports Award For Gymnastics proceeded into the cvs bro hope someone helps her before I come out cause I think I'm peeling on her!! Walkoff Saturday! Another game in less than 12 hours Thanks for following! Ohio sucks RT : Need responses for my next article on Do you consider the #Indians and the #Reds a real rivalry? : Gotta say what's up to my midget friends.. Ok well I only have one!! <U+263A>-- eh, he's ok... Justin has real talent THANK U TWITTTERRR I'm wit kicking it just as much as the nxt person but if u always kicking it and looking for a good time when is u gettin to the money? thanks fo info Do not shy to write and Post here at Twitter more! Make positive and fun for all fans globally! - you should start writing under the name Juan Kim from Covina. Is there a cover charge? Haha who #twitterlessRoc and ? Time to go get a hair cut Wow what a nite!!!!! I'm still feeling the aftermath!!! Sounds like a great conference & I know you'll rock it! Have a great time & enjoy CA with the fam. See you when you get back! We miss you over here in NYC when r u coming back :) hope you enjoyed that box of tasty cakes ahah :) India recently launched a nationwide initiative to phase out traditional incandescent light bulbs in favor of compact fluorescent lights. #Marlins bullpen just blew it! 3D video has been posted for my VIPS!! Have an amazing weekend! Time for me to go play some more! =)) LETS GO MAVS Thanks ! Check out one of our biggest events this Sat as 3,000 CPS students come together for a 1 mile run in Washington Park Off to office potluck. Elaine Benes' "Get well...get well soon" comes to mind. To the world you may be somebody, but to somebody you may be the world. I'm so tired. I just did another twitter (: Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb. 9th. Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us! When different aspects of my nerdy subcultures collide, like Amber Benson and Maureen Johnson hanging out, my mind implodes. Listening to good music REALLY LOUD never gets old. :) thanks for the suggestion! I wasn't aware that was an option. I just asked, and am hoping for a warmer second half. an you grab an autograph for me. I am in some Army training in South Carolina! Be back on Saturday! having Olympics withdrawal. No no! No! Id want 2 go 2 the hospitial!! Ah! Stupid foot cramps!!! It's nothing reply if u agree!! RT if you don't know Say no if u don't You are the only you you can be. Without you, there is no you. You want to come drink in Canton? We're drinkin' on a rooftop deck great night w/ #BennyGolson and the fine Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra / Sean Jones / Micheal Tomaro Thank you! How does one footnote silence? I've read hundreds, if not thousands, of letters and nary a one mentions Garvey, but people don't believe me. Today was the worst and best day.<3 headed back to up LA for a fun two shoot - can't wait! Being an actor is GREAT! is that the second Ed. translation ("reproducibility") in the Benjamin & media Harvard pub? Me likey. Free complementary appetizers (chef's daily choice) during Happy Hour (5 to 8) !!!!!!!! why what happened This just in: It is physically impossible to get a pair of wet Chucks on your feet. I was in the way of a really cute guy at first and he said "Excuse me, pardon me." SO POLITE!! WHAT A GENTLEMAN!!! :D will do! Author of "Local Dollars, Local Sense" speaking now at #DoGoodSummit. We are helping you invest local first in #DC through That gal in the middle is a real doll! Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Children Online At ... that was our first big arguement i still beg and plead to her i want her back. Its been 3 weeks. I just wanna get her bak Just finished The Scorpio Races for Feb's book club. Loved it and SO excited to talk about it. YES! And this time of year there is plenty of fresh fruit available! Choose fresh over dry and you get the bonus of H2O! we played games the whole time They are! I'd eat some of his lunch, but he always gets something grossly carnivorous I'm not supposed to tell his real wife about. We will be announcing some new endorsed casinos next week. Looks like the poker world really wants to unite and use a base set of rules what's the weather supposed to be like come first pitch? Snob. I love that about you. Watching Austin's old videos :') I did though have been out of town for a few days and was waiting to get home so I could write you a decent email. tonight. Let's party!!! Heading over in 20 min. We start at 6. We takin off. No doubt we makin the dream a reality my brotha! "The conundrum presented by popularity is that it has the power to shame music into being uncool." haha. Do you say no? I know.. ima be surround by people I don't know >.< if i don't answer my phone .. it's probably cause i am dancing to the ring tone I officially let go of tumultuous relationships and am entering into more loving ones. happy birthday(: Try To Take It Seriously Nothing will come out of it Gonna be nice to get under the warm covers of our bed here in a few. Maybe I'll finally get warm. lol Brrrrrrr........again. ;-) I could stay up and annotate My Antonia or I could go to bed at a normal time for once Two more days.... two more days.... Working all the way up until the final dress of #CHILDREN at the Beckett Theatre tonight. And we're still having fun too! I know! For some reason Twitter won't let me send... emailing now. ate a bag of grapes in less than 24 hours, success (: Good-Bye July- What are you guys most looking forward to in August? Good night my Tweets and Fbs! Having TWO lefty pitchers in the bullpen would help a lot, since most teams have more than one left hitter... For the best places to live in Boston text me 617-800-3737 just kidding. Wish you were here. When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!" Just got back from Costco in Anchorage. Lots of white people and I was the only one in the store in shorts. Thank you! Great connecting! What you up to tomorrow night? Great show at Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee at 9pm!!! yes its a wb blog show just click the link looks like a great event! cc So very lucky to have a job that allows me to see new places and meet new people. of course! Louie a possibility as well I wouldn't have a problem with getting older if I felt that I actually had something going for me. Where next? Meeting with Preemo Tattoo Artist today I am super excited whoo hoo Staten Island: are you ready for the fresh air? #ReforestationDay with ! I HATE talentless celebs. Nothing more than a waste of space. Maree gets round of applause after opening video about damn that sucks! Why didn't you just tell them where you were Lol loved his single! They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start. I had to ask someone -- who is this? A great message by the today: Taverns won't be punished by being proactive and calling for assistance. ugh, most amazing phone call ever with the most amazing person ever :) is the best!!! Do not lower your standards to keep anyone. Make them meet you at your level... self respect is power Jermaine Broadnax ugh, my teach does tht 2! The Weeknd ate that dirty Diana remake agreed! Also don't forget: eat, eat, eat. "Suite of Old American Dances" is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online. Such a cinephile RT : I've never been a fan of Buffy or anything, but after The Avengers I'm now worshiping at the alter of Whedon theres no way you guys could ever look bad if youre with eachother Throwd off I'm thinking today Wednesday #ThankGod for seeing I was taking a msg for my boss. The guy on the phone said his name was Jeff dahmer. After I hung up I got that "wait a minute" expression. yes!!!! I think I miss you more than ! (; just kidding!! Miss u bothh so much!! What's up with you? Newt Gingrich's campaign is over $5-million in debt. I guess that proves he's qualified to be president. but you said you would <U+0001F622> should we see in Madison? , what do you think? Yes, you win. Thank you! Back atcha, Lo. :) can anyone share an interesting movie title? Looking forward to enjoying a quality film. I hate parking lots this time of year!! Sure, just tweeted the first 6 picks if you check the timeline. This is Friday right..? shouldn't my head be somewhere other than work? Mom turned a 5 hour drive from Miami to Tampa into 3 hours. Record much? Oh my good, we're so screwed. Hanging out with the crew. Missed these buttheads. when will the highs of the days be below 70 degrees again? New roadside billboards are up. Riding mower? I really think West Seattle yards are a little small. Better fit for Granite. I'm not certain. Be sure to check out and though! Anyone can tackle Monday when Sunday dinner is grilled flat iron steak, asparagus and Sinfonia Tempranillo. We already know why you are in that session. Good Luck!! Puff with flat twisted bang and a little flower. I'll be there Saturday afternoon, won tickets and will need to drive, so playin it safe and going in the afternoon. Got a Hunger Games look you're dying to share? Show us! Paramount here I come - meeting with the crew, apparently we're making a movie, that's what they're telling me. I'll let you guys know. Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start 8:30 on a Friday night...got out of the shop early! Prototype 2(IDK if it came out yet tho) of messing up. Getting lawlers today. Yepp. Doing it. Today was some day. Began with a discussion with Parkside's chancellor and ended with a call from Madison's. Everybody Writing up my judge's comments. It was a difficult decision to make. In fact, I just might change my mind at the end of these 140 characters Samsung Galaxy S I smartphone delights with exclusive features, voice interactions Choir auditions = #Fail lol who is it going to be? We are getting ready to take the stage at ! FPL stage @ 6pm! I'm actually thinking about something along those lines with Achebe's "Things Fall Apart." The world cries out its need. Crusing around Downtown with shinece ..pretty live tonight <U+E056> Really excited and happy for your reunion tomorrow! Besos Sounds like a good read then! Awesome. :) Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 56 Nice! Congrats on the new digs! don't have phone sex, you might get hearing aids I had a great time today at my sister's baby shower. :) Wait why is Harry going to LA by himself? With what? I would buy it for $100 to pick up groceries and drive my dog to the dog park vs driving my car. :) I don't have any kids. I was talking about someone lying on a friend. That's it. TGIF!!! Make your plans for this weekend. If you are up for something sexy visit us! Yes, she is! me is it video or just chat? haha I'm sure How about the R&R Vegas 1/2 on 12/5 for adventure 2010? Run the strip. Here we go....up with Adam Wexler and Rank 'Em So gross. Did you do anything? YOU'RE 18!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I LOVE YOU BIEBER!!<3 I can't find tabs for your songs anywhere. DA FUCK IS THIS when and where LaLaLa Time to plan the corporate New Year's Party! We can help-but it's booking up fast! The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn! So precious! May be getting a TV series I've heard. Here's hoping. At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one. Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd. New shorts and a nice tan....I'm ready!! We all have that one friend that never know's what the hell is going on. LOVE days like these. I know ... I'm trying... There is still a chance here. Gotta stop them on 4th and 1. Mumford & Sons on repeat all day omg yes the pelvic US is the worst they pressed right in my bladder not cool!!! Follow for their latest news, events, and gatherings 33 DVD's duplicated and printed... In the hour!! Time for bed... Sorry I'm late but, HELL YEAH!! Is bringing sexy back? Tonight at 9p I interview the Chicago-area doctor who introduced the anti-cellulite treatment. It's good to see you're using Twitter the right way. Stomp off to your room then, bigot, and cry about how ur being "abused" The keg is tapped to start my 5th decade on your planet. Come on over. San Francisco Creates Green Leasing Toolkit for Commercial Buildings All orders received today will be sent out first thing tomorrow. Still 3 uses left on our #bogo promo! IBM launches Mobile Foundation enterprise application platform at Impact 2012 Please help a new Author out I Promiss u r going to love the book Man dang derick rose u need some help #ThingsbetterthanUKfootball Charles Barkley's golf swing Great win for Milwaukee. Two games back now behind the Knicks. yes! Thursday was my day but now Friday! Enjoy your day as well! Referee: "when we can't eyeball it we use high tech to get it right. Have you seen our amazing chain?" Track people<cheerleading people #StopBullying it doesn't make you cool it kills dreams and hurts others. I've been bullied many times it isn't fun. Follow the to get the latest on new music releases, tour dates, and how you can share the love of Muzik Without Prejudice! i'd like to apply to be the internet's editor. Just got robo called asking who among the GOP I would be most likey to support for president. I said Santorum, just to fuck with them. Check us out on iTunes! come to florida so we can meet <3333 if you came to suprise me for my birthday I would be like agdjhxeuebd . Love the rain! It inspires me to be creative today. Great time to continue writing my screenplay. Beautiful day in #atlanta. The possibilities are endless. you can get around the Wikipedia block by disabling Javascript. Also, im probably not going to shower today either. For the strength of the Pack is a wolf and the strength of the wolf is the pack. I went to the hard rock last nite if you would saw the custom that I have. Last nite you would crack up so hard and look at me Dylan can fill you in on all the details. if we told you then we'd have to kill you ;) just keep a look out for our fabulous marketing team Jesus Christ Lady GaGa followed me on my old account but refuses to follow me. for a second i was like she unfollowed me n followed me again!?!?! Then I realized u made a new one hahaha I promise to get checked in 2011. Thanks for the inspiration ! Happy birthday justinbieber Some days you ride the tiger. Other days ... missed this, sorry. It was at the Brown Hotel, a great presentation! Advice from a conservative voter's perspective, which, however much politicians dismiss it, is better than advice from aides: Always a good thing when your performance is used to illustrate the way a scene is supposed to be done in class. The BEST kind of meeting! alright well i have to go to zumba bye :) Ah #MakeEmLaugh was soo good! It really brought home the fact that we really don't have GREAT actors like this anymore Is it just me or does UITableViewController behave a little differently every time I implement it? X_x RT : New Mexico Museum of Natural History Foundation Want a unique and romantic way to celebrate Valentine's Day?!...... I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells Gettin it together for cuzos baby shower When your bestfriend ignores your messages when you need her the most <<<< me too Valerie!! :) finally calmed down-Mom is home w/no residual effects from heart attack, I had surgery & it was successful. All is well. RT I'm 291 away from having 3000 followers on Twitter and 8 away from having 10 friends in real life. seriously can you not get this to fuck !!!!!please <3 Merry Christmas everyone... to all my TwitterFam.. LOVE, RESPECT AND PEACE! sale is still on! $1.99 for a mix1?! Oh my! #MyMomRocks Because she shows me all the right things to do has drunkenly realized that she has been hung up on the same guy for a few years now.......f.m.l. ::sigh:: Louis Tomlinson drunk called me because I like eating carrots and after that we ate carrots all night :D perfect together! New details in the case of a 5 year old ABQ boy who police say was abused. We are live on scene with all the details at 10 on Thanks to all my students who came up with some very creative tweets on the #roaring20s today. awesome way to mix it up have you ever tried a #BeerFloat best mix of desert and wish me happy birthday? :) My first tweet. Something that caffeine, worry and a to-do list gets in the way of RT : ...sleep? What's that... Kanye cough cough best cough in the game cough Now I aint judging, Im just saying, quit putting on a fake look.It's a problem if people only know you’re a Christian through your Facebook. Throw your arms around the world at Christmas time! I asked about global question...let's talk next break. Beware of these PMs... "I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this?" It hacks your twitter acct. I clicked on it earlier today. Sorry. I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 87 Mark Zuckerberg? Although I'd need to get a green hoodie :S Really really really great movie Hah, just put on the #nyr vs #wsh game & the rangers immediately score. My grandma died tonight. I will always miss you, oma :/ you were the best grandma in the world. R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys It was good! I love it here! Bummed I missed the earthquake on the east coast though. And Diaz severely misplayed a ball in right, where Heyward should be. [Woops. Sorry for the lack of updates, but I had 3 hour long midterm!] SFR's Twitter is back, starting... NOW. yea no more sucky Time Warner!!!! yes we do. We are the best! sorry. I don't smoke drugs. later people IPB6 internet enabled light bulbs and a surfboard If the #Packers can figure out the Center position prior to the #NFLdraft, I'd select either or in round 1. Heavy metal lover (; Oh god I forgot how much I dislike Vegas....and aviator shades..and bro dudes...cesspool sounds good!! rock on Zoe! decent size. everyone just waiting for more results to come in now. Finished 5K Dexter-Ann Arbor MI run/jog/walk Sun w Carol Elizabeth & Andy. Then on to Taste of Ann Arbor. Fletcher family farm = MI beauty. I'm going to AL Wed 5/11 Will have rm for 1 more- need diapers meds batteries tents underwear sanitizer trashbags -rtn Sun sleeping weather for me. RT : Great meeting with & of today-- what a fun team, doing great things for... Ok, you've seen the pictures. Get here early tomorrow. Tomorrow is the big day...!!!!! & two pairs of yoga pants.. FYI. If you are a fan of Mike #Vick or any other dog murderer, don't bring it up around me. Shit gets heated real QUICK!!! Trenton is telling Me and Lindsey the best bed time story ever. Anyone know whether it's common for twitter users in oppressed countries to not have any followers or friends? At Travel Portland breakfast: 4.5 to 5 percent growth in lodging projected for 2012. My dream last nite: going on a trip to Vegas and getting banged out by Chris Humphries!?! Sometimes u wanna be loved that's my favorite show on Disney lol Tomorrow is my birthday & my present to myself are the 15lbs I lost in 6 weeks. Thank you V3! Ask me about it! #VoyagerHealthTechnologies! JFG students Dove Academy will be partnering together with the Wright Foundation for community service activities. he was done for years then came back through the dleague. Did the same double take. woot! #ripcity“: Good team win. Let's get back on track.” #MyFirstYearAtFAMU P-Fote AC would never work so I moved in with in Diamond..temporarily lol Engineers keep doing it until they get it right. not pretty, but my Pack is preevailing... He had occasional flashes of silence, that made his conversation perfectly delightful. youu should totally come to relay for life Friday. (: Finally finished Tropic of Cancer, spread out over seven months Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help! Lunch(: wiff steph maddy eric olivia david &some guy i dnt know;p. Ash Wednesday everybody, so that means shrimp baskets or grouper sandwiches for lunch. Time to pay for all that fun on Fat Tuesday. Just got back from school. Have to study the fuck out of science to get a A on this test. hi jeremy Do you think there is anyone at the other end of the phone when someone has to say "Hello..HEllo....HELlo....HELLo.....HELLO"? I did. Will send you contact info soon. anywhere basta big hotels. . and if u find that hotel go ask for the new person who checked in that hotel Last night I spent several anxious moments looking for my eyeglasses while I was WEARING THEM. On my FACE. do you have a plan to come back in the philippInes? I choose to believe these are accidents b/c of lack of awareness, not intended to upset & marginalize. Wanna see a case of "Bad Butch Syndrome?" Hang an airbrushed curtain anywhere in a club, stand behind a camera and observe the madness. IJS. Is my dad home yet? Or these girls are having a conversation like right by me... like 5 inches away from me... What goes around comes around Large men are going to break into our house, but don't worry kids! Run down the hall. I will stab them! sheesh i been at work 6 hours already feels like i just got here #ThingsThatDontMakeSense When People Hate Tyler The Creator that ball has Bryan Li and Kieran Malone written all over it! moscato friday is tonight free moscato all night long all ladies $5 before 1am This office is getting Hot Ok, ok. There will be more 30 Rock in the world. Life isn't over! We're glad you liked the tour. Make sure to come back again! -ZK So I woke up in the East Village... should be a great game tonight - go eagles! Now, if they would just downsize the ingredients! L O L really? xD just sent you some tracks Had really a good game ~ def over messaging u but I have an extra ticket to the bulls game sunday I assume ur prob working but if not its yours if u want I miss you too Kenn! We'll hang out soon. :) Have a Great Day Too Barbie! xo I'd help you if I could dude, but so far it's just the one. Let me know if you're making it out that night though Ugh weezy behind me needs to stop breathing or lose weight indeed x 2. - This Bitch Said Come Smoke Some . . Hoe Know Ion Smoke . lol i hate my life. isnt that awesome. I don't have time for this. Clippers and Grizzlies might not be champ level teams, but they sure are playing some exciting ball. Check out our FREE Crown moulding offer @ www.mrdspainting.com Call a contractor you can trust. "We Love to Paint" and much much more ! I know it was the blood for me. It was my savior's blood. thanks a lot for the s/o Any suggestions on a Happy Hour venue in the Valley?? Natural Health Magazine Annual Subscription Just $3.99 » Coupon ...: If you are looking to get in to more organic eating and natural ... Thanks to all participants in Tuesday's CampusCloud iSem! If you have more questions about CampusCloud please email Cleaned like never before. Mr. Clean, move on over! #imissyouwhen I find myself in an awkward situation, that you would "get".. good and you ? It's only 6:30am and Dropbox has been pissing me off for over two hours now My goal was to eat & drink everything by Sunday. Now I may have to spread it out to next week. Want to create change in your life? then finish this sentence I Will... and do it! Join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com Thank you for the follow! Louisville can't survive on circus shots. i cannot believe I am actually out of that van. my best to all my #thatcamproadtrip peeps. Will we ever hear from DHZombie420 again? - Just for the record, and I are not... happy. If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. yes ryan is extremely good looking and got a great peronality too shame is is taken ;) Stop by today at 4pm and see Steve James, director of The Interrupters, speak ! RSVP here: on.fb.me/zdHJHj is super fucking awesome, though I've never talked to him before. He seems like a bad ass person to know.. That is all :) this is #13. Pitt ENS: A bomb threat has been received for Thackeray Hall. The building is being evacuated. well, T is usually standing room only, so maybe we'll get overflow =) you guys are all awesome and then there's me.. lol Dear You, Don't worry. Your grind and my grind aren't the same. You can like me...we aren't comp. Trust. Thanks for the RT, Jeremy! At the point where no amount of makeup or coffee can cover my exhaustion... ref was aware he dove, just called cooke to make up for malkin one earlier. Marry me? hey Ken my friend how r u? CB new song is so cool! i love it! First ROYRIOLES series starts tonight! Time for my young son to learn about cognitive dissonance through baseball. How many junk drawers is too many? Whatever the limit... I think we've reached it. Bucknell for a track meet this weekend! i have missed so many episodes of glee Happy shopping!! Just stopped by in Little Italy they have the cutest spring clothes and accessories. What is classmate research?! like i said, i don't need to listen to covers. Shhhh. Hear that? It's the sound of jr's sand volleyball exploding in Georgia! We've got some exciting news coming soon! One of the best dining experiences Brandon and I have ever had. Tonight. Not an exaggeration. Having And Awesome Time At Barbizon I've never been late to work, but I still like to think that my punctuality award is in recognition of my clever wordplay. I just feel like you have no feelings for me what so ever,your just playing me. Chilling watching the hustle Thanks for following, Joel! Kevin Gregg pitching in a tie ball-game. God help us. Scenes from travel, pt. II: Still metro: women from part I stops singing, pauses, loudly asks "Anyone here a Christian?" No one reacts. Hey Jon Just checking in - how did you like the Designing for Reusability 2.0 webinar? RT : Suicide isn't cowardly, wanna know what's cowardly? Treating someone so bad that they want to end their life. Damn! Barton of QPR is a thug and a half! ice on our street...we are in 38119 by Hutchison and Lausanne. What about Lausanne??? Open? Closed? Thanks! You guys want to go see Book of Mormon with us? I love big daddy!! ;) haha it's fun haha See you at the Hyatt in 20! There are lots of potential upsets this week. I think Arizona State could easily beat Missouri at home on Monday Watching "Andrea Mitchell Reports" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV. Where's the good looking guys at? Eyyy since I didn't win I am going to ask Obama to send another drone. what was the winning line? I wanna be your it girl shorewood? I was thinkin about heading there in a bit to be productive. Fair enough. Maybe my Luddite mother is getting to me -__- "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing." Finals are a pain I've been getting prepared all day Earth hour people! What about #MM2011? Homemade Pizza for dinner? #IThinkSo ;) Thank you! We're glad you like it! can you tell me when you will be in Joliet again? I'm dying to meet you, you are my inspiration! Xoxo poem accepted for a Polish-American anthology. Finally, this Polish thing is paying off in more than good looks. sure we can do a collaboration! Can u msg me with your info? I seriously thought she was going to stab somebody ._. TO Clarify: We are looking for people who already have a bodymedia fit and would like us to waterproof it for FREE! We will guarantee it So #annoyed nothing to eat in my house but eggs can my father go to publix like now <U+0001F621> Just be I have long legs doesn't mean my shorts are to short! REMEMBER: Nothing worthwhile will ever be very *easy* #RIPBoyBelieberJamie I wouldnt are if he wasnt a Belieber, he had cancer which is hard to deal with he is Strong & now is in a better place my moma workin on my nerves man! Congrats to the winner of the #NFLDraft Sweepstakes ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets. See you Thursday! that's my plan...we just need to become DJ's. Heads up.Not at the Ritz in Chicago this Fri. I'll be in the studio recording w/ Kate Quinby. At the Ritz on Sat. though.7-11p 160 E Pearson I don't think anyone's tweets today are going to be anything other than mentioning....PACKERS, PACKERS!!!!!!! Celebrate with a vacation! Rumor - July another round of CC cuts coming.... Less to shave. Be grateful. Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend! just had my civic religion: pledge of alliegance & star-spangled banner LETS GET ANOTHER TITLE BRO! yup:/ but your hella lucky nick follows u(: TYSM! < RT : #FF Las Vegas, Nevada We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, &... Mojito. That's it. & #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet I love you guys<3 North Carolina is mean. Thank you! :) What band member ex is the song "Honestly" about? is ready to reveal all with Tommy after 3pm! Alyssia >>>>>>>>>>>> YOU(Whoever Gets Offended) thanks! I can't seem to leave it alone... Put god first and everything thing else will come into place. Learning how to navigate the Galaxy re-job and all systems go. how is this possible! Go people go to our promo partners' awesomeness! You need to tweet ALOT more often then you do now cause I miss your adorbale tweets! :3 Who's playing fantasy NCAA? Jus tryin 2 live in the now. I think sometimes we get so caught up in the future that we forget 2 just live. No 1 knos what the future hold totally normal..... Wow! The Tix price went up from last year of only $15 for each day. Does the extra price mean we can medicate there? "Loose Angles they call me / Lost Angels are what we're supposed to be / Language Adversity our Street University/ ... Where is Los Angeles" Thank you for visiting our #JMS481 class today! when I go on my computer next, ill hook it up "I have to get out of bed and shower, life is hard." $5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!! Enjoying the sun, but not the cold Going hard I see. lOl! Am I really about to watch the season finale of SMASH? Yes, yes, indeed I am. Looks like it's gonna be Romney . . or, to put it another way, "And then there were None." Good morning! "Talent is never enough"! From a New Balance T-shirt at the gym! Have a successful day! -- He'd have been as close to being off-camera as they could get away with! Happy to say that everyone on my team is of the latter kind :) The #AugustWilson #MonologueCompetition in Pittsburgh is FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC! Save the Date April 2nd! John has officially confirmed that Jelaney Exists so Follow Me Please! :D It is good; sure a little disappointment there it wasn't 3 for 3 on CBS RT Glad to see these CIC games get picked up by networks Easter baskets demolished. Time to head out in my pajamas for Easter lattes. Jesus would totally want me to have a latte right now. On a fairly big day up, noticed AMR was down most of the day. Wishing all Bandit teams luck today! Does anyone know when the next gen of mac book pros are coming out? Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to obtain more opportunities easier. Instructors: What can you do when you are not teaching in a touch-panel room? Find out Monday! 2-3pm rm. 254 Had an energetic and thought-provoking class session with my ENG101 students this morning. Really excited about the rest of the semester. You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web & on-site visitors?... congratulations on the engagement mrs x I am super excited that you were thinking of me..... Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington? Good Luck this weekend! I wish I could be in Coldville USA! My hands are at your throat and I think I hate you... whats wrong with lil juice juice 'the de-nationalizing of urban space...' On the metro on my way to Magnetic Fields! yay! CST is also available as individual #modules to analyze functional areas & improve systems & output Too much going on on the homepage. Content written at a college level. Q1 Ladies if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back, MARRY HIM! #ESEA passes out of committee!!! so is it ok to have a class with ZERO talking but you can tweet your brains out? Good start to the morning, reuniting with and from our days! :) Joss's episode of Glee was the first in a long tme where the characters felt like real people. Not sure that was good. thank you for making us all look gorgeous!!! Always a pleasure to kick it with you :) Yay Brian! RT : Brian Markinson '83 appeared on AMC's The Killing Sunday night. It repeats during the week. May we all be Beautiful! Formidable! and Exceptional! look in sections 110, 126, 212, 225. In the craft beer kiosks! Cheers and enjoy the game! #holyfuck I just realized what I want to do ! Pour some sugar on it. It'll hide the tang. Agreed. I want the people to vote on divorce laws now, too. Hi there, I just checked and don't see that email. Perhaps it was filtered as spam. So sorry. Could you resend? Thanks San Marcos for following Poised Creation on Twitter! how was Teen Choice!!! RT Just introduced Mukta Bahl of Genentech..speaking about Secure Data Management in the Cloud. #EDW12 ---> what a great topic! Mayor Richards to cut funding for public art in 2012-13 budget - second straight year w/o allocation just watch the video. 30min of your life.. That's all. Also interesting to have a cap on loan repayments if income stays low over time. Clearly #HE didn't pay off for those students. About to eat some organic oranges and clementines with in COM 3300. I WISH. It's been a long week yall. If I don't win the Mega Millions, I'm gonna need a few glasses of wine to wind down how are you?? In Fitchburg City Council District 2 Seat 4 race, Patrick Stern and Darren Stucker advance. Willie Nelson gets behind Occupy Wall Street movem Crony capitalism provided by the U.S. Congress. In case anyone wonders, that last tweet was assuredly NOT about Amendment One. Very sad to see that pass, but not surprised. I have to go now. Good night America and Canada! Love you all guys! havnt talked to you in a while! Levi Benton has great hair Currently listening to: Swallow The Dawg - The Plan on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com Que rico el airecito afuera! Let's hope this weather lasts a while. " hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning. just a little later on. regardless of warnings, the future doesnt scare me at all. nothing's.. What movie is it? Hello, Happy Tuesday. Chillin watching Boondocks LOL I put pics on fb with no description and I get like 3 likes improve your network security and accessibility with Lithium Networks today! Is it weird that I like reading about serial killers? Doing research for my next novel. rebooting our website happy birthday! #youknowyoughettowhen you get a box of Swishers for Christmas! Do I need to buy an tshirt to wear instead of my ? It would probably look good next to my shirt. I feel so stupid!! Idk what happens! :( I feel sad and depressed Hey i didn't know that. Congrats!!!!! Let me know if you need any help with your planning. Is just the most adorable thing ever. Now all the other little babies are ugly. I feel sorry for my cousins baby...oh well... Need a great litigation support firm? None better than Digital Evidence Group, What happens if BHO picks 4 more Justices?... Wow ! Are you kidding ? I thought Obama was at least 10 - 15 years younger than Romney. Obama reminds me of Camelot - JFK years. Amen, sister! RT No drama mama! yea man I know how that goes. Just hit me up whenever, check out the place. It's not too shabby. George Wallace! I just received my iKlip in the mail. It's an adapter to attach my iPad to a mic stand. Might be time to start a podcast! Loved "Come Fly Away" tonight. Energy + Style! Fabulous show! #sinatra #twylatharp. Reminded me of Sophisticated Ladies Good idea...going to Ojo in May...can swing by there RT Puye Cliffs! who wants to hang out after the show and share story's... Whom Rush claimed was paid with his ducat This proved such a lie There arose an outcry And his sponsors were moved to just chukit Heading to for a night that will go down in rock history! My teacher filmed jeopardy? Hahaha. I don't need a perfect relationship; I just need someone who won't give up on me. <3 haha you know it! I try to find out how and what do women think about Just got out of school soo happy!!! but I have to go back tomorrow!!!!:| my guess Kentucky school will go all the way. Maybe Louisville.Wish we had the Beavs in there Gary, to hope for. I don't see nothin wrong The day after: power still out, stores closed, traffic backed up... yah, the wind sure was a-howlin' & a-blowin' last night... Maybe instead of making a movie you think everyone else would love, you make a movie you'll love. Might find an audience with similar taste. Hello hello remember me , I'm everything you can't control Trying to wrap my head around variable costing on income statements, it seemed so easy at first, but now has my head spinning God took the Cross, which represented guilt, punishment and pain, and He turned it into a symbol of freedom, healing and victory. How's everyone doing? We've been recording this acoustic EP, and it's coming out great. We're excited for Everyone to hear it! :) #ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Wait for haters to have a good trend for once? what did u mean of "they" ?? Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents to Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. PLZ RT! “: Great win tonight, great battle from the lads! Special shout out to Mikey Harringon and " Great job guys Dm bugs me cause you can't write much . Message me on fb ? #crowdfunding vote is about to take place! Watch CSPAN#2 for the Vote! On Thursday I'm doing a Birkman consult in Cost Rica and Friday one in Germany...all from the comforts of my office in Baton Rouge! lol after you dumped me at wrestling i was mad at u. RT if your in chicago I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben Rotting away in Cooper.... looks like my alarm. Lol RT : Everybody at the Give Him Glory concert!! RT : Whose excited about #SoItBegins? Okay... Here come the fouling! Gotta make FTs Thanks, I will set my alarm clock for that :) RT: Tickets go on sale 9 a.m. Friday. want to help me test my new design tool? it'll just take a few minutes. @ or dm me your email and i'll send you the details. in my stilettos ;) Tickets for at The Polish Club on October 30th are now on sale from all locals. i mean, if you're going to hallucinate you should at least be able to control and enjoy it. Just tapped Oscar Blues G'Knight Red. Send us your footage.... Well help share it. Hi Alicia thanks for the follow, to let you know about me I am the founder of www.thecoupondeal.com and I will bring offers. Both performances on Saturday, February 6th and Sunday, February 7th have been CANCELLED. Please call 703-548-9044 to exchange your tickets. makes me wanna too! Love to you Lenny Green!! :--) They evacuated everybody and we stood in the cold wind for a while until they gave out refund tickets. So yay Avengers! Sigh. thank you sir. doing so now. is most defanilty ready for may 19th! this shit is fucking sick, dude. very nice. you suck hahah. I miss Hollister, I better be on the schedule next week tY kind kitties :) You are woofsome :) Smart phones have become a necessity. =P Kate Upton, Jeremy Lin, Jeremy Lin. Most amazing consecutive three covers in SI history? Follow Me? <U+2665> I'm seriously going to have grey hairs by the time I'm 25..... of course boo Macy's is celebrating Brazil...NOT SHOCKED! Good Morning from your biggest admirer!! (And Twitt Stalker). XOXOXOXO Haha glad I could help lol how are you by the way ? I miss my daily hello kitty pics too Lmao lmao hopefully there's a new kid thas older thn me cuz I don't like being the oldest-_- It's just the littlest things that make my day. Do any of these great guitarist like john mayer for example: Even give a shit about his fans that keep money in his pocket. Hiring! Hiring! Hiring! Sales Representatives for both Dade, Broward and North Carolina! Contact: I would put it more in the category of dominoes and Yahtzee!... comes in a box, but not a "board game". All I want for Christmas is a boy who cares. that's not a good enough answer for me! :( #thingsNOTtobringhomefromspringbreak: Crabs, Herpes, incriminating photos, "Baby on Board" sign, court summons, tattoo I will later regret. U smell like a stifled taliban sweat oh Leo. Lol. Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose. In Georgia! Hello Georgians #youknowyouraskellwhen you try to pay for a hooker with ur ipad So nice to hear Nick Lowe and Rafael Saddiq during my drive time this week. Thanks! Love our eclectic local radio. I'll txt ya It's ok, to be ready to settle down... Just don't be ready to settle for less... That's where a lot of people go wrong... (smh) Maybe they should make a desperate "why don't i have a boyfriend, and why am i not pretty" complaint website. Because that's all i see now. . Thank you for selling some of the other things (besides chocolate) that make life beautiful! RT : sometimes all it takes is a smile to make someones day a lil better I dont think she will ever realize how much I cared :( so long I tried & when I do.. "miscommunication?" Can I settle for friendzone? Yeah the last one you got WAS the one has! <3 searching for a SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST in #CLEARWATER #ACCOUNTING #HIRING $$$$ email #RESUME to Today's practice runs 11:10-1:35 at the Kroc Center as the team preps for the rematch against the on Saturday. In life you cant succeed if you cant fake smile and show effort..i know im young but i've done seen way more than the average -AyoRich!. If all ur #Instagram pics r u smokin..u need somthn to do and rehab Star Arguments, The Empire Taps You on the Shoulder Lady Ga Ga Rocks : ) For you Raburn haters... who do you KEEP: Raburn or Elmon? Blame Larry Ellison. Thank you so much, as always! :) It felt awkward every time we were together .. Thatz why im not giving a fuck right now Bettch Watching 2011 American Music Awards Penn State and Oakland underway... WISH THE DUTCH MAFIA MEANT U LIKED HARDSTYLE INSTEAD OF BLUE NIPPLE XTIAN COFFEE A great pun is its own re-word. Dang, Bieber, you've been busy today. U better chill b4 I fuck. Sometimes, I think I like 's friends more than some of mine. 2nd to last class ever with Dr. Stoval,l he requests that we hold back our tears until next week. Watching my new fave Sunday morning show - Kitty Cam at the Animal Shelter: www.seattle.gov/animalshelter/featuredkitty.htm Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous Yes. Often on Thursday nights we have a local artist play live thanks to #wordly for getting me through my cross-country flight! Glad you liked it! Thanks for the recent follow! this is a no brainer it sure does sweet dreams I need sleep or I'll be all dead in 1st ;o i knew it! I've studied my target. I aim straight. Um comin for ya... if that is what you want?! :) OUCH! I can feel that!!! Happy National Pretzel Day! Watch party tonight, flying out tomorrow, excited!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!! Fuck you then I fight like Jason Stathem...so don't mess with me NO #SOPA THINK ABOUT WHO ELSE IT EFFECTS #LandOfTheFree RESERVE OUR #FreedomOfSpeech I dont wanna be like china! Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show. The better question is....when are you coming back to New York? Me too. I improve my english with a software called Word List Expert. It list all words from any text. Practicing for me and Abby's duet for the concert!! We're sounding amazing!! ((: My mom said I should appologize. Im sorry that your so ugly, have no friends, are so bitter, so narsasistic, and have no one on your side. TPaw calls Obama "chicken"? Really? Liar, douchebag, hypocrite, TPaw thinks Social Security is the problem. Bastard! oh I have to say Corbin here :) whuddup? The greatest friend you can have is Jesus . Do Women Really Make Better Car Choices Than Men? - DailyFinance Happy National Taco Day! Must resist.. Inappropriate.. Joke <-problem with social media and followers I admire. I don't want to be THAT guy. Seriously don't wanna go to school today.. Too much bullshit /: ughh kill me now </3 Mooning people on the bus!!! Nice job Jess!!(: or new spec sales? Why is the local news reporting on a Florida otter "attack" that neither frightened nor severely injured the "victim"?! Thanks for your thought provoking tweets. You seem gorgeous inside and out! oh man, my teleporter is in the shop, tell me stories about the #occupyboston library! I was said to hear of Dick Clarks passing today, how are you doing? feeling ok? we will miss him big time huh? take care Lee yea cam get it, she wants the reverse 69 kid!!! Lol sabrina special He doesn't know how hard it is to make it look so easy.</3 we have some other things in the works... What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth? Night ride. Open face helmet. All the smells. my puppy is so cute when he is dreaming <3 Blue like Ms. Obama. Stay up to date w/ theatre district open house. I'm not sure why it took me so long to realize that you could order stamps online from Seems pretty obvious now. Currently up to #13 on ReverbNation blues chart for LA/OC. Very proud of that. Show dates will be posted very soon. Keep an eye on... Come out for Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at PCH! Beginner's lesson with Nate and Alaina! DJ Sam! Beg/Int Charleston from 7-8. Drop-ins welcome! Tons, I need D to send them tomorrow, it was a total blast!! I never thought I'd be doing shots with Laird! Wowee! im watching harrypotter live! Who will have the most #homeruns in the #MLB #homerun derby tonight? Thanks...one of those is following me, and I found that odd. Epiphany on my mind. Critics are saying Lil Wayne's next album "I am not a Human Being 2" is like his "Carter II" album. Suppose to drop before this summer. RT : Depression is not uncommon among retired athletes. Should be more resources for athletes who need to seek mental help. Puns suddenly filling my head with derp. I need a new alarm or somethin cause I just keep turning this one off no problem emilie no one likes u so shut up “: 'sup, Boo? I need attention.” Everytime I eat pizza or gyros I think of u. Then cry. Tweet me for a shout out. :) and when I return from church I shall give you guys one. #NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana Everyone go like Floodlight Records ;] Feb Blowout @ Buddys. Don't miss all the Deals. TV's, Computers, Bedrooms, Dinettes., Appliances. Come check us out and GET 5 WEEKS FREE Trace Cyrus will be my boyfriend by the end of bamboozle . Join our Citizens on Segway Patrol, we will train you to ride these amazing vehicles! Good morning! Yes, it is. Let's get our dose of Vit. D today. :-) 're going to party kevin Hand started to feel better today. Played my horn a bit, n the pain started back up. Waiting to see if the cortisone injection will help. :) Yes, women LOVE The Kaiser, but hotties must control their emotions when near The Kaiser because their etiquette is being noted. A relationship works both ways not one trying and the other putting u off!!! Another client experiencing tremendous growth! Az Pain Specialists up 600% this year! Clap when you spell a word. “: Congratulations April on the new film role!”>>>thanks Thanks, Michael! Tim can you print a loop at the top so it can be attached to a lanyard? Chill day for me ha had to exchange tickets bought as a gift. done within 48 hours. amazing customer service! cross you pitching off the bucket list! So what position haven't you played now? Just catcher? Happy Opening Day #Baltimore. Let's get the #OrioleMagic started. We open at noon. Come pregame. Lot's of burritos finding happy homes right now... it's lunch time at Pepino's! Thanks for the follow we appreciate it, coming right back attcha interview podcast update-content is brilliant! am working on sound quality, considering making it a two part. putthe pic on site Who says Asians can't drive? that's one crazy crazy game. on my dvr. forever or at least until the next episode of modern family. lol have fun in Vegas homie! Tell Byron I said what up Here..let me help you with that! NO!RT : Looking for the thumbsdown button!! (Re only discussing Pinterest) india gonna win! most that r looking love r virgins!haa!thn once they take the plunge..thier sluts like most & work & go 2 splash! Flips show this Saturday! Woot woot! It's a beautiful day in inland San Diego. Beach is overrated :) Hey and , go meet each other and be friends! I'm bridging my Wooster and Rhodes families, one meeting at a time! I take it back. Do it. I am now an enabler! MAKE ALL OF THE MINIS! Entourage is having its season finale next week? I feel like it just started. What will happen to Lloyd? What was your total travel time? "The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." By: Steve Jobs -CS Soo.....My Boyfriend Cheated On Me..... Damn its humid and sticky! Yuk! Say you got a man ok ma &? It's would be simple to make it complicated, but it's complicated to make it simple. don't go all Metallica on us now Just tapped Fort George Vortex Imp. IPA. CAMOS BROTHERS is now OPEN for business! Stop by and try us any time this week for a $2.00 slice!! Sherry Martin Photography, Bachelorette Boudoir and Boudoir by Sherry are one in the same... <U+2665> Happy Mothers Day all mothers out there thank you for all your support #Love, #Care we owe you our lives because without you there is no us I really really freakin' miss Leslie Nielsen Thanks to for letting me hog a table for 2 hours and finish my work. I'd never had brioche before either, which is quite yummy. New pic posted on FB. Check it out! www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors PSAC proposes emergency levy on members - Calgary Herald Coupondre welcomes several new Broad Ripple merchants: TCBY/Blimpie, Professional Tailor, Massage iNDY, PakMail, and Le Danse Ballroom Club! Watching old Naruto episodes. Listening to some old blues favorites.... Amazed at how great it all still sounds lol "ruckus" anytime old man! <U+0001F61C> kinda but they r 5 and 8 well now 6 I think you’ve overlooked something: Fern Gully is Fern Gully on crack. appreciate it Bro I see myself being let down after all this over. Whatever though, it's worth a try since there isn't anything else going on in my life. i freakin hate this feeling. Picking my brother up from the skatepark and there's cute boyss lol I love days like that ;). Swag: Paying the bills since... oh wait a minute. Probably going to need a new slogan. wow, the wind today is kind of insane. I'm glad I get to stay in my flannel pj pants and sweatshirt as I do work... 1317 what kind of dancing do you do?(: welcomes to the Twitterverse. Show him some love! Have you heard ? Expressive, layered, lush, indie-folk. #harmonium, #banjo, #guitar, #glockenspiel, Where can I find an image of that great image I saw in the alumni magazine? If you smoke a lot of cigarettes & gaze out of a window while your foot is propped up on something you can figure out pretty much anything. Looking forward to seeing our fave journalists from at City Tavern today! happy birthday... Have a good one why de fuck does the first season of teen mom still play on mtv and now they're having another season...? -___- follow back? i need to dm yo. gee thanks buddy. I called her she said we can take them tomorrow to get a replacement order thing :) great article. tigers. all night long. what time do they play at?? where u work at lol Looking forward to seeing my UK coworkers on their home turf for a change. did u tip her extra? RT : REMINDER: Jesus never once mentioned gays or abortion. But he was sure pissed at the people who didn't help the poor. Me too! RT: We're preparing for this year's American Folklore Society meeting, who's going to be there? I wouldn't like you as much if you did not say those things. dont forget Joseph G-Levitt is in the #lincolnrva movie. dude is going to be hanging in #rva and we will become friends. Hi Molly, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out. guess so man, guess so. Bring a friend in to LaBou & get 2 for 1 Haircuts! The nurse is in. What is your digital library problem? PUT UH CONDOM ON YA HEART CUZ IM BOUT TO FUCK YO FEELINGS I don't think I could have chosen a crappier bag of Clementine Cuties. Phooey. :( Wednesdays are great brewing days! Going see Think like a Man:) Great feedback, Now I'm hyped up to go see it. Great Job Uncle Steve:) Bruce bowen is a clown when not playing defense -pleaz get a real scholar and statistician of the game on there after Heat win thank you for introducing me to looks like Jon's hurting. How about you Vivi? I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag. no prob. I'm headed Keeping the Lights On, Ops & Mon at Rm 405 next. I can't just say I will do whatever I want when I gave the time...what will I have, be and do? That's much more precise.... I wanna watch the notebook.. The University of Texas Board of Regents cancels fight between Julio César Chávez Jr. and Andy Lee because of border violence conservatives are always really really angry about something 100% OF THE PROFIT-100% OF THE TIME!! We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100% profit! ha real funny.. It took me a long time to find them Question: What's worse than flying? Answer: Absolutely nothing...FACT ATL would beat simple plan with out a doubt but I think jack would be evenly matched with David :) Well-that was not the way I thought the day would go-however between the many trips to the water closet -I did work a bit. Now-back to work LOL! U are crazy LoL! I'm getting ready to call u! well, we can work on that too. maybe a singles night just for you! ;) baltimores entering spring ! is lovely; and how bout yonder? Good to know. I'm in. Thanks guys! Oh the joys of vocal pitch correction! The joy of cringing in pain! you already know + a lil bit a chron-tanamo bay Just finished World Cultures homework. Experience the "Lightlife" with The Socialistas...June 5...details to come. :-) Have fun, and for god sake win the game me too. But by next Mon. the #NMSkiSwap will be over and 5000+ folks will have scored some great deals on great gear. aren't you 's best friend? aw love you too beautiful lady! if we download song does that count as a vote? Help single mothers return to school. aw Adam don't be mean! <U+0001F614> my girl tried her best lol Go ahead! :D Twitter is not the place for True Confessions Phase II of the reapplication process has begun! Time to (optionally) create groups for room selection! I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois! Pineapple milkshake. Learning how to forgive Tix are $10 and going fast! RT : Come join us for: Beauty and the Beast!! Featuring Dodgen Middle students. 3/23-25. ME TOO!!! literally right now as i type..lol Tattoo twitter on my arm then I noe its real! I want to move FAR away from Panama City. lets be hella nasty tonight so i know its real! Uh oh... bought some new and really expensive gear? So new name is Brittney if mine is Derek I hope feels beeter soon. My day isn't the same with out her </3 I have no one to listen to me be rude.. tell me about it Did not know there were coupons for clothing. Wonder if the mother knows... She probably does. Woot RT : Yes two revisions is the correct answer! Mazel tov to those who got it right. I actually wasn't sure. Thank you Steve Jobs for being one of our greatest visionaries. You will live long in the hearts and minds of billions. Lol! that made my day! im out!! :) Visit us today from 10 am - 5 pm at Morninglory in Murrysville for a Mother’s Day shopping treat: 4542 William Penn Hwy in Murrysville... I feel your pain! ;) Money: Who knew a tiny piece of paper could own so many souls..... This AP test is freaking me out. God commands us to love others. Matthew 22:36-40 I may be weak, but Your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail, but my God You never will your sick ariana Oceanside police say former Charger great Junior Seau has committed suicide at his home. What a shocker.. What a loss. Happy Leap Year to all my friends and followers! WOOHOOO! are any of you planning on meeting them when they come back next year? Why they get ta fighting anyways ? ahh.ok that place is aight. I'm down either way My 15 year old's good friend, texted Tay today and told him his mom had just passed away. She was diag.w/ cancer wk 1/2 ago. Pls Pray. field trip today with the kids of PS 40 @ SONY... Can't even remember the last time I road a yellow school bus Worst day to go to walmart Electronics are not being my friend today. >.< just try. be my guest. but i can and will #takeyoudown so damn hard. MakeChallenge:CMs are you comfortable w/kids making things function in a way for which it wasn't designed? Will do...please send your resume to - love your photo girl!! How are you?? xoxo sounds delicious, that might be what I try next time :) #NoMoreEffnFlu looking forward to a fun-filled Sat Gotta take this OGT "visual materials demand visual access" - Cal's Environmental Design slide collection now has "digital contact sheets". RAD. Still reading "Never eat Alone". You diffently need a notebook nearby. Keith gives great information to be used in any business. I'm watching Bachelor Pad on ABC right now. And I'm dying inside a little. Make today ridiculously amazing! Check out the Australian version of I've been thru this w/ tech support. It does not work. Can you not see the form that I filled out at request of vzwsupport? lmao @ this chick on maury with this bright pink hair I love this show so much. And Lavon needs to be my friend now. I just dont give a fuck. aww he just cursed out my lil cousin With Hillary soon ! :) Yeah, I think we just got him this year.. He hit .290 in 70 games in 2009 with Houston. He's 31 though. Snuggling is a basic human need. Shaq: "Chris Bosh is an 'other'." Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie I'm gonna need one of those when I get in :) i forgot i had a tweeter when am I getting an invite to one of these events not yet!! but you're following them, yeah?? Shoot the damn ball nasri!!! I wanna go back to bed so bad! :( Hey GOP #obamacare saved my life! went to the rink.last night.. I was hoping to see your lesbian ass -__- Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys Dies at 47... #SomeoneIWantToMeet gotta be , that would be awesome!! thank you!!! Glad you like it! Much more coming soon! yep! I'm riding in the parade for sure! My team is still nameless! :( #waystogetunfollowed don't tweet. where are the hot guys? At da wild place, getting rite before wrk... nope! it's a nice weight. Agency ecosystem: Softservers—software companies that integrate marketing services—are quickly evolving / emerging Baby you, you got what I need.. yes! #flixel is amazing. RT : Reports Joss Whedon cud direct a Hulk movie. Green guy's soft spoken alter ego fits Kenosha native Mark Ruffalo like... just read your email. Ugh!! Will respond tomorrow. I need to go out now and walk about 10 miles after eating so much. TY 2 all of our supporters! Shoot 2 Cure HD was gr8! Record attendance. $$$ raised 4 HD research. Current/fmr Bolts+NFL players helped out. need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib. wasn't happy with my performance. Scum life the only life for me Thanks Donna, a wonderful day! RT : congrats:) ha thats funny , James at HoB. Tim Booth is the best singer EVER! where you at? You owe me a dance. This year is going to be great!! :) :D nah... I still don't understand how you lose a number:P I dislike when refs change the game. THANK U ANA HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY IS WORN OUT I WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS LOL is like another Mariah Yeater because apparently she claims that her and Justin hooked up hahahahaha Just got a full night of rest. Time to get ready for work! The three words that best describe Ryan McDonagh would have to be "rock", "flag" and "eagle" If your a #Groupatic Check-out our new site launched today!! Groupatics.com website, #teamFollowback! More to come! Tonight! Brooke D. at O’Flaherty’s Irish Pub, SAN JOSE! OK SO TUES NIGHT? DINAH HIT ME BACK 2. U GOT A TIME FRAME where and what time for showing?? your dumb I'm like theonly one who doesnt have a smart phone -_- Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James #quotes" Alright folks. We are headed to New Orleans this Thursday...we've been before but want to hear from you: best food, venue, sites, etc...go REI should organize a Zombie survival sale - or a 12/21/2012 pre-apocalypse special. I do not get here 5 min early so customers can get here 5 min early. Eff off people. We open at 7:30, not 7:20 or 7:25. RT “: The sexual tension on that stage is palpable.” There is no formula with God. Period. So there are no formulas for the person who follows him. - john eldrige Thanks for the shout out. ps- Pt. Reyes rules! It's really not that hard to even fake a personalized looking message. But that ReverbNation shit definitely ain't gonna cut it. I feel your pain. Josh walked in with Stack'd and I'm on day 15 of the juice. diet The smell is pure heaven. and gets done at 12am. There will be live music and so much more. Please visit our website at wildtigerbar.com I judge the severity of every storm by how much my cushions blow around the balcony...eh, wimpy storm yes...I will be at Wacker & Van Buren at 12:00 tomorrow Congrats to everyone in the TechStars Boston class! Sounds like you're all rocking #tsdemoday! thanks for being awesome! ASU vs Illinois will be shown at Fatso's Pizza in HD on Saturday at 4pm Only on the Big Ten Network RT if you skateboard its hard to believe the 8th grade dance was a year ago and im almost a sophomore.. how did you do that? I love it! Commission discusses Assembly districts in So Cal News out of the bullpen, Mike Ferrin reports that I have a receding hairline nice website, always glad to connect to creative people :) Today's Special: Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich 'LIKE' if you're craving a Cheese Steak Today! I'm tired of it. I'm tired of old wounds being opened. I'm tired of people. I'm tired of all the drama. I'd love to know what #boardingschools have started using Facebook's Groups for Schools? And in what ways? "Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair..." ~Susan Polis Shutz M, Carolina peaches for breakfast. Encore Ms. Leela J!!! go follow Good morning good people start your weekend off rite with island frydays good food for the soul! If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon Special thanks to for his help with widget mastery! same here! We'll have to get there at like 8 am.. But we'll make it fun haha Looks like today wasn't good for a lot of The West Wing brackets. Screw Ramon Sessions. Start Steve Blake 'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol' is top DVD rental in New Philadelphia - New Philadelphia Times Reporter 'Mission Impossible: Ghost P I watched it finally Who's got some tips on the best/worst acoustic speakers for iPhone 4S? Attention wrestling fans: is the real Sting. Not the singer 'Sting' from the awesome group, The Police. RT : Calling people back is my least favorite means of communication. Ever. Of all time. // TOTES. Bored as fuckkkk Niggas is outchea hurting since #drose been injured. Smh, I tried to tell em it's #lakernation or injure yourself would love to talk to you again about being on the show. that guardian-school balance seems eerily off to me.. Job searching is a drag...I'm open to any new leads in the DFW area u getting sick with ps ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come eat dinner, drink whiskey, and sleep off Sunday. I'd need extra day on the week An extra hour on the clock Just to show you how beautiful you are Happy Friday! you've got it backward. you're *my* idol. also, you haven't met the right cats yet. (right cats = teva and isabel) RT : "If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?" --Joe Namath Responded to FIRE @ 1250 38th St, Brooklyn, NY 11218. Red Cross auto update. I won't make it this time if you're on twitter, but not answering ur fone, call me this girl said she can do me better than any man & take care of my kids. uhm ....uh .....stuttering Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E002> Worst flight of all time... By far throw the T up my boy sending you a DM. I was on the march to Brooklyn Bridge! But I was with my daughter, so we didn't get to be arrested. LMFAO Your Conversation With That Girl Is Hilarious!!!!!! Im Jealous You Have #prisenswag Luckyy :) Nobody is bout dat life to Currently working on the issue. Thank you for bringing this to my attention! Come Hungry: , Hair of the Dog Pub (), & provide your in-between beer nourishment. God is STILL passing out Blessings.... How do I know? Because , if your reading this it means you made it another day! Thank God for Life! Craziest movie I've watched in a long time is Heavy Metal...thanks can't wait for Psychoville! Remember that one time we got called ugly by that Mexican midget at bartini's? text me? please RT if u are online:) and ohh follow me plzz:) now if they can only find an affordable place to live I would love to understand what kind of challenges you are having with Socrata / NYC Open Data site /cc Let me ryangosling those grocery bags for you ma'am. Hey come by our page and check out our Mixtape widget! Voting starts in 4 days!!! Please ignore He is obviously manic. I mean, all that *and* a shower? Finally getting to watch the finale of #americanidol and jeeze I am such a sap! Tears. RT : Q1) How do you define social learning? Is this from OKCupid? all of the above. Overheard at: BarnesAndNoble Cafe: Could I just have a seltzer water please? ...cont... Can I just mention, Freddie's, a little low on cheap wine. Easter. Ta da. Life is a journey, travel it well LeBron James accepted the MVP award without his headband re rrvbc yes, I'm speaking. no one has asked me but I usually call it.. Oh no, not another hat! Social media 4 sm biz See you soon! Space in between your eyebrows, #nobrainer RT : Thinking about getting a tattoo but can't decide what to have Calvin pee on. Cannot believe that finish in the Coca Cola 600 @ @ Can't wait to hit up the movies Saturday I hate that pompous smirk gives as he walks down those stairs onto the stage. He ain't all that. THE ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH 8 FLAVHAZ . they said it yesturday : ) Jess! Long time no talk - how are things going?? We need to catch up! Thanks for loving me but I can't love u back. Sorry:( Studio mixes, dance rehearsal, scheduling meetings... all in a days work! M M M. Shaking my head. Thanks 4 following! :-) I'm Glad u like the janet badges and thank u!!! <3 haha no wonder you head's sore this morning, babe. yes, the pot was $4.50! I was iut if the money :-( From your lips to God's ears. No spoilers here, but Goth Britta made me go back in time and start puberty all over again. We brought peeps to workshop yesterday, so... bunnies yes. SpeedReels finally got our cute lil' logo up and rockin... we be lookin' good now! Very sour after an intence #MuayThai training at Thank you Joe Cantrell! totally put that same video on my tumblr last night right after the KCAs. SO funny. Your face was priceless. ;) Howl at the Moon: Downtown indy=> half price drinks from 5-8... might be there Dude what's wrong with me? I'm going crazy NO IT'S LADY A. :( oh well I love them too. The video conferencing equipments are gaining popularity amid first responders such as police men, medical experts and fire fighters. Hey! Yeah. Sorry. Activate your fans by putting them in charge. #facebook # smss checking out #thethepoetics .... Just dropped two new songs Don't worry... I'm sure will take care of you Tiger Wife, FTW. in what will end up being an awful idea..... going to watch the bulls game. Can I get a follow back?! :D .. Love you girls!! bend over and I'll show you. #christmasvacation......Merry Christmas On the way to the Wisconsin Film Festival! Happy Birthday Miranda! :] RT : My sister tells me tonight that my radio is either always on or on GAC music videos lol. Harbaugh rematch because the Ravens match up well against the Patriots! Introductions underway We are running *ahead* of schedule! studio last night was so good another #banger real talk! so excited!!! Today! has live music starting at 5:30 with not even planned. Goodness. Now if we can only get a copy to FLOTUS! RT 5 of 5 stars is right! Beautiful book from Rene and The second you think you're better than everyone, is the second you lose your humanity. We're all on this blue speck together. Wow awesome job! :) nice "So are you in junior high or high school?" <--- a serious question that I was just asked you LOVE it. You know you do!! xo. I'll be at Union Sq. So glad was saved!!! She's my fave! Are people really on this thing? Welcome Ryan! We are happy to have you in MI. #BodybyViLove RT : Welcome to the D! :) 90's pop music.. The jams Proud to announce that I will be shooting with Mob Candy Magazine this month! :-) with you so Doc doesn't give Igoudala any credit? Hm...Interesting I now know what it's like to have a crazy stalker- annoying I'm sorry i'm not what you wanted. Make Every Moment Count 2010 Happy New Year Smiles Love & Gods Peace Always DNICOLE Here's your chance to be heard, get out and vote! Jimmy, the taco loco is out of control. Gotta hit the one over the 41st bridge. Likewise, look forward to hanging with you again soon. you are welcome and Thank you! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep someone's excited for my hair! Lol Bustos/Aragon opening is this Saturday!!! Join us and meet Arturo Garcia Bustos! How many sewing machines do I have? Not sure, but I got one of them running today! Now I can start sewing. Hitler and Jesus are equally as entertaining. would you ever ok a hologram of Kurt for a Nirvana show? Just curious, came up in convo last night. RT : always great to see you! Next up Patents #3-5 from for Can't wait to share! ahh... we meet again #stacks5 ... Our duel will be legen, I hope your not lactose intollerant... DARY! thats whats up... recording right now but hit me up later. hey gorgeous! You know I'm way sexier than aaron Rodgers right?! ;) “: Its amazing how many so called "best friends, trustees, and confidants" you have after you die. #WhitneyHouston” Truth. If your not adding to my life consider yourself subtracted from it <U+270C> This game is Baylor's to lose. Good day, about to get to work! NORTH HILLS Beach Music. Find us and get free cover tonight It's money over ”Withey and the miracles” Dont stop! believe it! hold on to tht feelin! street lights, people! That is the worst:( RT : Stinks when your sick and you can't taste the flavors of food! Quick question, have you ever used a 1.4x converter with a TS-E 90mm or 45mm? Is it possible? Thanx in advance. I had a great birthday! home now Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower& Split Pea with Ham Yo Yo Bro......haven't been on in a couple days. Might have an affordable washer/dryer for your new house. perhaps it is imagination that embraces, because it must embrace what it has created. Maybe all there is is what we can imagine. I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance. ~Friedrich Nietzsche Appalachian Granny's Menu includes: Pesto Cheesecake, Southwest Cheesecake, Bleu Cheese & Walnut Cheesecake (all 4 inch)! 614-732-2803 Hangover shmangover. It's shoulders day!!! When doing #Remodel be sure to sign off on the slab templet! Even if it takes 3 1/2 hours in the hot sun w/ sweet but picky client!! Should we call the police? :) Always a trade off of course, but Hamilton isn't "old" or anything. Nice guy to build around - Yoder would be at 1B maybe. It's 4/20 all over again 2night Join Trevor from & for some cellared gems. Starts at 6:00PM Most artists do not have a brand because they focus on blending in instead of standing out. I really hate when my foot cramps nd im tryna sleep Back In The Stew Like Green Chili And Potatoes ........ Speaker notes that collaboration, "like children", often comes after tenure.Reminded again that #altac really isn't a bad gig ready to get this day started <U+0001F44D> everyone's going<U+0001F62D><U+0001F62D> What do I want from Twitter? To connect with real people, to get to know them, to share their joys and sorrows and have them share in mine. Destroyer says he'll eat a hotdog for every K #Lee gets No wait I was right first time lol Night to my boy :) We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. ~ Martin Luther King Jr. My Body Is So Tired! I Wish I Can Just Lay In The Bed anytime friend :) Reflecting on a past relationship. Smh. That shit sad.. Two ads in a row where the narrator or main character spoke with a Scottish accent. Odd. Any ideas for a birthday celebration??? I dont know what to do! She's at work until 8. I'm awesome at answering texts if it's something you want to vent to me about. baby due in 10 days and for 9 months of pregnancy: a skinny girl margi please!! Yep that is my take as well. Thanks for the follow. Thank you - I needed to read this right now. depends on your point of view... Lol The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well. Henry W. Longfellow I has the weirdest dream. that's sick man! How many people can say they have their own nightlight?! Though they should do a legit one of your face! Haha I am sorry but I hav to tell you this: IMHO Tim Burton is getting too comfortable with himself and his cast. Our poor car!! Was parked in a parking lot and some one backed right into us full speed. Awesome. Our CT has a big booboo. stink said tampa was soft last year I LOVE summer & hot weather, but we need a little closure for this year. Got to get back to Port Aransas. Need more t-shirt clients there. Fav Tequila Day = 1 spent w/ you @ Iron Cactus. Or the 1 spent w/ you in San Fran @ the place w/ uber-high-end tequila. Or. .. :D Maybe should sit in the front of the class instead of creeping in the back corner of the room. Probably my favorite thing about THE MUPPETS was that it gave a major role to Uncle Deadly. it feels like you got to go through all the bad apples to get to the good one some time it just feels like im never going to find that one. lmaooo “: Hey we can't stay together if you kissed Nas for real” Give us something to believe in, haven't been to the SB in almost 20 years the are in their 2nd in 5. Frustrating.. Mayra let's go to CVS after school real quick to buy water or something? Perhaps if people could run out of lies.......then maybe they could start telling the truth. Damn I been sleep all day May tomorrow be as blessed a day for you too. | Excellent! Thanks! let's go. Rock the vogue tonight! 2 Parties in Darley Park, one in Barlcay and now to Harwood. All this after door knocking in Midway. Whew!! More door knocking ahead.. Uh huh, you know what it is. go do that hw Watching weight loss shows makes me hungry. Resist sir!! Fall not to the dark side I wrote response to your awesome review of the movie God Bless America #gcyale : Influence doesn't always have to be blunt. Access journalism is a mutual co-opting of journalism and gov't. The fog is creepin me out. Having vampire thoughts again.. 8-O tune in soon on www.otnet.tv for my show with the most powerful names in Entertainment pain is weakness leaving the body :) one of the best tweets I've ever seen! lol :)w zoe they kno wat it is Apparently the memo about wearing as little clothes as decently possible has hit the expo. RT : follow this extraordinary man that he is! < thanks ! You're the sweetest! Thanks for the follow!! i freaking love jenna marbles today I signed with a hollywood agent and after signing, your song a moment like this came on, it took me 8 years, thank you I can't stand ignorant people. Every GPS system is the same. The narrator always sounds put out when you miss a turn. "Recalculating! (I told you to go right, moron!)" PSA: My birthday is in 5 days. Thx & Frank Nguyen for a great #astd2012 session. Looking forward to using the tool & initiating dialogue about this. I remember the days when sent you out your next disc when the one sent to you was damaged. Guess customer service is dead. send in your #TSPARMY pictures now! c: Sorry - appears my accounts been hacked. haha the perfecct combination for a good time! I'm a straight up daddy's girl. <3 Falling behind on the blog but the training for is going well. A recovery day tom'w followed by a 45 mile wk'd. Woot! If "Battleship" does well, next year's blockbuster: "See Katy Perry as she fights for her life to... Connect Four." If you're an #actor and love laughing, listen to on his podcast #mohrstories. You'll laugh while you learn. make me! Coming up on NBC 6: latest developments in case of #Aventura man on trial for wife's bathroom death Second video project tomorrow. I'm such a newbie...... I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery. That shouldn't be an issue… as long as there is room! Ever hear of 'Rent'? No, not the musical. Damn.... iv been grounded this whole semester... Starting to suck!! but are you going to Austin first right???? RT : nice metric of success for open source projects: "how many people scream when the service goes down." :) Hahaha! Love the hair by the way! A cold night of trivia is about to go down. Just got a tiny glimpse of the power of using XQuery to manage collections described in EAD, and I think I'm in love. Starting a New Series tom. Don't miss it!! See you at 10:30a. Invite a friend! The only way Lin can fuck this up now is taking over the account It would really make my day if would retweet me. :) Happy Mother's Day Everyone! :) I love you Mom! :D <3 “: happy happy b day friend!!!”Thanks I'm Kicking It Down Peanuts Tonight!!! lol mmhmm that's why u don't txt me no more hm lol and I love you too xoxo thanks for the follow. Check out At Johnnies with , we came to see but he's not here!!! Can't wait to see party pics and hear this great news! Thinking about the cruelty of the commercial farming industry is enough to make me go veggie again don't let him talk to you like that! RT : Bout to pull the robbery on bryans girl! The secret is staying fueled w/ complex carbs that release a slow, steady stream of glucose. Is that right ? im so #tired like hell :) It's been hours and I STILL have the images of that chapter in my head. Total chaos and my heart just sank. A total nightmare! Good question! RT Which is harder? Changing physicians or patients behavior? must stop with these sad tweets. I don't think any of us can handle it! I hate when people brag about money they know they inherited and act like thier balling off of money they earned Not even a thought! * wiping sweat off forehead* I thought you were going to step up!!! JK It's definitely worth a try! Thanks! Snow Snow and more snow Jordis Unga definitely my favorite on #TheVoice girls got power in her voice!! i love watchin myself on camera You sounded great tonight! :) >hilarious fire montage for lame #mittromney scare tactic trying to tell people his corporate cannibalism is coming for thm Okay who do you think will end up as Marilyn on ? I'm hoping for Ivy. No spoilers from the East! Think ~ "Deal first with whatever is causing you the greatest emotional distress. Often this will break the logjam in your work and free yo… Sometimes people with whom you had talked for hours now and do not remember you. I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields non-stop... i need so many hours still for nhs, and i need to read that stupid book Putting the word out for clients needed - I specialize in small and home-based business accounting and business management. Prefer San Fer… Power outages are stacking up. Xcel now reports nearly 17,000 Customers without juice in the metro. The snow won't stop us! Something fun coming from at 10 today! Simpsons just phone it in these days. my brain would miss the workout, too (I like exploring) love u mah....u keep it so percentage fridays are usually the best day of the week somebody hit an apd motorcycle cop... Nobody is safe Session presenter, U.S. Chief of Tech & asst to Pres. Obama. nick?! Schmidt is where it's at! Nick is too sad for life. Epic show though. i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there you're so precious :') ..studying for my last day of finals.. after tomorrow I'll be stress free from school 'til June!! -AMEN Caleb gne call my phn at damn near 2am like its G ! ewww, wat did i tell u boy !? Drop in tonight for Ladies’ Night specials! Countdown to Shilrington’s Oktoberfest extravaganza: 17 days! Just found out that a very popular blogger is opening an Etsy shop with almost the exact same name as mine at almost the exact same time. I really hope Jelena didn't break up .. i loved them together they're the best couple out there .. <3 Awww Follow Me this means our ticket will ONLY be available on the I heart app. no other app will work :( oh god !! it doesnt look like you :P love ya !! <U+2665><U+2665> I should have the chance to try one in the next few weeks. Very interested, especially at the price. Will report once I try it. Be careful what you search engine. PS: make sure you tell Dan (danwarp) just how much you want Mandy back! #iWantMandyBack ftw!!!! :) Come on by the 10th Annual Spring Bazaar today and tomorrow 9a-4p Over 70 vendors, with arts & crafts, deals, prizes, and so much fun! I have a penchant for tomfoolery, it's in my mischievous nature, so I apologize for any discomfort I have caused you. what's up stranger...lol dont let the name fool ya...we from the hood...where we eat greedy daily come round our hood n dallas, tx n get merked pussy ass niggaz Except in the case of buying an expensive dog. Then you are poor again. But so much happier! :-p you rock! My train thanks you. Watching unusual partnerships create beautiful things. Robert Plant and Alison Krauss for starters. More to come... "Everybody has to learn for the first time." Joshua Lederberg done too :) Dude at the MARVEL #Avengers midnight showing, head to toe Superman. I'm no comic guru, but even I know that's the wrong universe entirely. We are putting on a show tonight at Church Rock Club, 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston: 4-bands, $7 cover Just one-upped Hacker News by copying their ranking algorithm and doing time calculation in seconds instead of hours. Innovation! I CANT STOP GRINDIN ND I DNT WANT HELP!! ugh long day! Back to work tomorrow! Mammoth F finishes 3rd in #NLL voting for league's 2012 Sportsmanship Award - rookie Johnny Powless the winner BlueJays make playoffs, Phillies blow up haha i was expecting a pic of YOU with crazy hair ;) lol Think again! I'm totally addicted to pinterest. It keeps me up late at night. Walked up to the ATM and the person who used it before me forgot to grab his/her money! $60 baby! 'trying to be a man is a waste of a woman' - actual quote in this movie Survival of the Dead was meh, not horrible, so I guess thats a success in its own way w/ what it is, probably will never watch again I got a house up here Sick and freaking exhausted:(( Last day of Brian Cassidy teaching in the 9am class. Great work on the Food Drive 9am! Can't wait to see if you'll do it again this year. I need some new shoelaces. Praying fore the Brewers in the second half. idk if I'm going forsure yet do idk!! This is where I unfollow you. Much luck. Dr. Spanish Well look who is Tweeting! tho I agree they should be either, as do process philosophers given their views on emergence. ipod nano that is waterproof That awkward moment when you know Lives in the same county as you ah! _^|^_awkward turtle_^|^_ And we shouldn't be surprised when they don't. That kind of response tends to come across very poorly. What race are you playing as in Skyrim? hahaha that was cute!!! Appalachia Waltz is one of those things that never grows old. Looks great Craig! Industry peeps: If I were to sell an amazing documentary series that's already shot and edited and beautiful...where would I go? I ignore you cuz you're no good for me I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out. - Dolly Parton Ugh people are reading Obama has finally 'evolved' to support same sex marriage. How should we celebrate #glitterati? Digging today my string is now over 5000 stringers man life is good don't act like you don't like it ;) I never watched Weeds,but #Huck was NO JOKE!I missed what that was about,who did he torture? I am watching Larry King. I love Ann Coulter. She makes me laugh. She is so closed minded its funny. it's in Nashville, they did have nose bleed sections but I don't think the drive would be worth those seats. it sure is taking you a long time to DrawSomething! I am about to give up.... Intermission at 's Syd Lieberman show. Dear, droll, endearing, warm #storyteller! His last #story moved me to tears. I wish I could go back in time and relive some memories in my life again when you were there.. *smile* that's awesome! Hope you still love it after you live there 8) Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson and Happy New Year to you! "The Breakthrough" comming soon mite hit up for my cover wonder what i should eat.. Photo of fire that AFD is fighting at Mountain and 1st. #ABQ yfrog.com/ntqt1edj Fuckin on a regular is have peanut butter pie for me. I dipped my pooh bear in that honey pot. xD not to mention bugaku. Just Got Home From Skewl Drama A Little But Had Fun Stomach Hurting From Stupid Christmas Party! New Found Glory. Corey Smith. All That Remains. 10 Years. underOATH. Ingram Hill. Colour Revolt. Digging the 2011 Minerva lineup? Omg congrats on your engagement boo.... I guess I'll have to scratch Steven off my to do list ;) lol I wanna be a #bridesmaid :D I gotta get out of this house Just-in-time-model: Access more important than nearby inventory. Cloud-based technologies are the perfect resource. My nephew is the cutest baby in the whole wide world :3 You may ask me what I'm doing with my life tonight? Wasting it away watching garbage tv. But I'm addicted to the garbage. Stupid Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet? Jeez! I guess if one can handle the mart/app special, why not run yesterday's wine bottle special for the other, right? Better security RT : Ok - this is a #FAIL : American Airlines to stop offering free blankets on domestic flights #HereWeGoAgain Super Bowl Weekend the rematch everybody been waiting for. #ImHyped to see who wins this year! She never did. Host: "I think I've been blown off. How do I know? I just looked up and I see her on Fox." Playing some #wii with scott! :) Especially Spring things RT Don't forget to notice things ?If u ain<U+FFFD>t getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free! almost done with this paper say what?? riding for my niggas nd that's for life It's a Pink Floyd kind of day I think.. Ladies and gentlemen this is why I love my friends For those of you following at home, no cancer for me. Many tests for viruses to follow, though. At this point I think I could be on House. What would my mother think if she saw me now? It'll cost you two grill cheese's. If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting. -Dick Vermeil thanks getting our Q's out! NBC is a 50% stakeholder in Hulu. Don't feel guilty. Ever heard the terms Port, Starboard or Capsize? Paul brushes up on his sailing vocabulary at South Beach Yacht Club, Sat (9/11/10) @ 5:30pm RT : Volume, Velocity, Variety, Veracity, Viralness, Viscosity I just emailed everybody with a reminder. Wouldn't want anyone to miss the race! who's talking ish? U need a bodyguard?? Haha LOL! this will give me stopping point in my research.I'm also bringing fam together that has never met @ 2012 reunion.. It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right, I hope you had the time of your life. Ima be up all night. I wish I could call someone. </3 but then again these days women are to uptight well most of them now, they use to not be that way oh well, i still love you ladies out there Webcasts are the bain of my existance RT if u r still awake:) you bet I am! We have such a great show tonight that begins @ 7 with house band Felicia Carter & Amy Shook followed @ 8 with 7 great story tellers & more! Is being sarcastic? (I have trouble with written sarcasm...). And seems like one cool dude. YAY I'm alwaya in for a margarita date! What A Game. Only disappointment--the fray-ed national anthem. KY was hot! The Fray was not! “: League of Conservation Voters forum. No Again. No either.” TR will be missed. PS-I love your background. I have that t-shirt! :D That makes me a happy lady. Hope you're doing well <3 another night up spent sick. this virus is baaaddd. 3 am, what to do when you can't sleep? blog :) or write in my journal. both sound good. It was really really solid tonight. fyi- How about a catch up sess soon? RT: Have fun! Can't wait to hear the recap! It's been a while since you've tweeted. Must be #TheGlades are coming soon. Yay! RAHHH. i hate commercials Community groups have 4 weeks remaining to sign up to win cash prizes in the Clean Community Competition. Call 311 for application Make sure to check out AKPsi on campus! Formal rush begins Tues 9/6! Check our facebook or website for all important dates you need to know! You tell me! #Thanksgiving Dinner at LiLLiES #DC Turkey dinner, salad, five sides, and dessert for just $21.95 Call today for reservations (202) 450-4824 because he's got swag for days Leaving the Bay Area again and back to ... Portland... joy. I can't stand SATAN!!!! Nigguh.. you don't know. I hit my 2,000 limit. I need more FOLLOWERS. Follow me please so I can follow more peeps. Thanks. Chynna Girl Let's sign a petition to get her back. RT : Ya know what? I miss - Congrats & good luck to Chris Jones this weekend at the 2012 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Koksijde, Belgium! How are you so beautiful and remain so humble and down to earth? A New Year's Eve Celebration in #Gray #Maine? Who knew? Reggae band Brand New Mixture 9pm @ White's Cue Connection, 19 Portland Rd. 657-2266 That sounds like bullying! Off to the re-education camp with you! are you send me a DM? Sorry, I can't see it.. :| Bella Desai says Sci Cafe gives people a way to have a fun learning experience while connecting with collections and scientists. Somebody sexy text me While changing email signature on my iPod, it suggested mobile "devil" when I started typing "device." The device is smarter than I thought. poor guy who picked crawfish! Lots of work for tiny bit of meat #NoKitchenRequired" Creative Pros:#contentment comes from handling your #work well, #loving well, and being #generous. Have a big life. Creativity follows. Just got home from school with lexi !! just in time for supper,homework and then bed.... yeah so how was last night btw Makin the best of life n being happy Well, Du Hast just started blaring from someone's PC in the office... ...with that said I think Clevend better win this year! you have. A problem yay good for y'all! Sold out nice!! In my cozy bed....night night 3 days till vegas yay <3 Yo, I make the meanest brownies tho. Could be special ones if you'd like ... if u catch my drift. I can't handle Fantasy football, I'm going nuts over here! Failures are just the low hanging fruit of improvements to be done. Okay, followed back! Can you give me a price quote on a sew-in and individual eyelashes? that was from yesterday.. Hahaha Cant wait to see the bestie after school Great start to yea, just like Ally Sheedy giving Matthew Broderick the time of day in War Games. hello again to notepad++! finally getting to work after a week of pure leisure haha! No way gusgus. Oh and congrats on passing all of your nursing things! <U+263A> We're waiting for John in Greenfield Park. Robb is ready to roll. If this album doesn't blow people's hair back, I don't know what will. What song are you on now, Stu? It better be a fucking happy one. For Our Hero, that's just a bounce pass away. I'm at panera and haven't ran into someone I know yet. What's going on? #sytycd is over! It was a pretty good season! Congrats on the win! What did you think of the season overall? dld.bz/aa6Qd Watch out for my vagina always a surprise #ImNotTheType who will change my views or opinions for you. This is me, like it or move on brantley is better all around. oh rele??? Well I'm on a first name basis with your mom!!!! Haha suck on that! shout out to my newest followers. just hitting up that studio, songs will be up very very soon. i want your cat Your eyes like the sky. Your hair like the sun. RT : What can I say? I love data, and hair. My two passions in life. Oprah is just a modern day Mammie...she's here to allow White women to feel good bout themselves. Wow... The movie rocked!!!! who is available for Valentines Day for s celebs birthday party lots of music and fun! ya gotta be in the seattle area tho....do tell!!!! i wish people would call back when they say they will. I can't stand waiting any longer. Its like I have no life Thank You bro! #delta offers free twitter access. That an landing an exit row on flight 1701 today was a nice surprise. Much better experience than USAir #instead of going to see a movie I am watching Hulu in order to give $12 to help "And the story has to be true, because it was reported by shakira's hips" -snl haha Good morning Beautiful People )) Ugh.. so flippin tired barley went to class today i need to get out of doing that. EXERCISE DAILY.. " walk with god".. run from sin.. ! On a scale of Chris Brown, how hard can you hit a bong? follow back please(: I watched too! How did you like it? arrrgh I'll order from my phone on the ride down LOL Complimentary webinar: Promoting a Culture of Learning in a Non-Profit Environment: A Case Study featuring Feeding America.Tues, Sep 27 1pm Waitin for my main bitch to get to the house #tictoctrickpony <U+0001F61C> Shit. #Royals win tomorrow. Thanks to for the RT of my review of I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within Somehow the only thing I have scheduled for this weekend is Librarians' happy hour tonight. i don't recall this lol I'm going for once every week. It's a process to improve from once a month, you know. It's a study in wit and brevity. while you're in Florida can you make a stop at Florida Atlantic university? They need a lesson in how to make good gnocchi :) shit me too I gotta work tomorrow!! lol. Very true. Plenty will become wealthy from this IPO, problem is, they want to become multi-millionaires in 8 minutes Dan Savage Apologizes for Bullying During Anti-Bullying Speech Yes! Say "thank you for my raise." Memo to Craig Coshun: Annunciate better. You managed to make home woes sound like homos. Smh you was thirsty to be a crybaby smh Heineken Semi-Finals: The pinnacle of the sport Awe...bragging u sucked off a porn star is well...sigh...you sucked off a porn star, does that make u a co-star? Can I get an amen ? She Could Still Text Me -__- Shit I Was Wrong! I hate when ppl try to "double check" ur life as if u can't handle ur own business. Jus N case you didn't know check urself B4 u check NE 1! Yea Buddy!!!! where in heavens name are you finding all these tidbits of wisdom?... im pretty sure , da worst part is dat da snitch got me in half da trouble im in & i stuck my neck 4 him probably in the evening because I have class nd errands to run lol! I'll keep you posted tho This month's drawing for 2 free hours has been made! Check out our Facebook page to see if your name was drawn. www.facebook.com/okcpartybus you should spray them back. or kill them. whichever works better. or you could shower and be happy... It is about that time again up and ready for work got to case my paper..i am on my kfc swag My radio station played WMYB as a club remix and it was pretty awesome...I think I love this radio station...They play WMYB 20 times a day powering through this study sesh with some old school Aww thank you! ENTERTAINMENT: you need to see these lil' girls lol u got her ass den 4 Reasons Pinterest Wins with Women (And Facebook Loses) via yeah. at the ch933 studio, he came out and met fans. just stick around for a while :) it cud happen. thank you! Bizarre Food Museums Come on Chavy! "Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." - William James i hate long winded people Military war vet says she wants no part of nasty, cold snow liveshot. Man...Bored...Bored...Bored....Iz all i can say need to download kik so we could talk all day long!! Thank you wpd for messing up the transformer outside my house.. its now the only one with out power.. Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt. us too!! See you there! “: #askanything: The Godfather or On The Waterfront?” On The Waterfront Was it easy working in layers? The end result is amazing and full of possibilities. Fun interactive work. Love it! Congrats on the launch. Twitter & Facebook weak so I'm going to Sleep Seen around town: a Jimmy John's two doors down from a Jenny Craig. That's because you are a big sweetheart! Glad to finally see both the Lakers & Clippers in the playoffs this year. #TeamLA <U+0001F3C0> hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe :-) Xoxo Now your here come on out the rain, soaking Wet, body Glistening!! Found by colleague: 5/4/49 letter from Mark van Doren to Morris Ernst re. Allen Ginsberg's legal troubles. Key moment in Beat history!!! New blog on the way.... Don't forget to call us ! 5866630054 um you guys aren't talking about the schticky, are you?! WANT!!!!! Plus the informercial's mug shot scene is redic.. #NW - Tenacious D Live at Brixton Academy iim for real wow that was fast. Ur was better.nail polish, It was random. (: ~ Keep your heart open for as long as you can, as wide as you can, for others and especially for yourself.~ Morrie Schwartz 0 fer 4 weekend. Cal, Huskies, Seahawks and my fantasy team all go down in flames. I have hit bottom very early in the season. did you like the free cd? Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for This week's newsletter has details. Christmas movies are the best . :) I think they were optimistic w/weather forecast. It's been cool & foggy all day. Wonder what tomorrow will bring? thinking about how far some of my friends have fallen (iPhone?!) RT The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart, head & hands ~ Robert M. Pirsig This reminds me of the 96' Team USA exhibition @ AWA right before Barkley was traded. Crowd chanted Charles Barkley 4 last 5 minutes of game I'm all for wearing girls clothes and shit but thats TOO far. Look for the silver lining. I'm doing a skype interview today for Geek Tragedy 4 my Robotech role as Minmei. This should be fun. They want me to sing! That's scary Instead UW gets blame 4 perpetuating it. RT "If Knight hadn't bailed on Wisconsin job in 1968, we could be blamed for this" it'll just be standard. I'll get back to you on the appt. Thanks! No you didn't RT : Only white ppl can call me Danny. All other minorities call me Daniel. Check out our online store for our anti aging, skin care, and sunless tanning line at www.shop.lasvegashcg.com 2mro is OPEN MIC NIGHT at Jalens! No buy in! BYOB! $5 cover 21 and up. Come sign up 4 next week! DJ SPIN running sound! Holla for info! Me too! “: I love that you pointed out that hiring should be based on culture not just skills #smcrva” I actually like getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, now that I have my excellent one back. I don't think I'm in fetish-land w/ it, tho. thank you for following the #Rivoli theatre Wow! RT Deadly car crashes jump by 6 percent on tax deadline day. Thanks for RTing ! We think Larry is amazing too. We're so proud to help inspire all students to stay in school! #givebackdetroit RT : I want to do some spontaneous yet reasonable charity sometime today (#christmas). Any ideas? Mhhmm cookout with the family today ? Sure why not hha. Had a great Christmas Eve dinner..Steak and Lobster :) that's so annoying, we would never do that. Taking a walk on the canal. <U+2600> In the poker room actually playing the right game now. 30k starting stack got about 34k. Just got undressed outside my house..its xmas eve yes Me too, Steve, me too. Cut loose.. Footloose.. :)) Someone should punch Manny Pacquiao in the face. Oh, wait! Great news... A very small part of me wants to see Star Wars in 3D but I really dont think I can stomach young Anakin or Jar Jar all up in my face big shots....all those bars. I hate Broadway bars though. Honestly the worst country you'll ever hear all night long Take away Republican and Democratic power #OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to non-partisan Quoting my manager: "I was going to join twitter but I don't have time for that s*!t!" mac got in on dreamchaser 2? alrighty. Just let me know if anyone else is going. cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties. I like working out first thing in the morning. Its a great way to get the day started. My energy level is high in the morning What a sweet & mushy vday poem I just got from the hubby! Sure do luv that man!!!<U+2764><U+0001F48F> sad cross country is almost over for the summer tomarow for me is the last day but its all good i plan still run with team friends Oh of course! And the collapse continues.. I don't understand whining about corporations. Nike's workers will say, "At least we have jobs. Shut the Front Door, Yankees!" #IsItMyFault that im not taken? soo, i guess he choose to act funny on this day ! smh. Yes, absolutely. I had Goodreads open while watching, marking down suggestions. And I liked his emphasis on consistency. True! not all models are tall im not tall and i want to do it its called heels haha learning things i never knew about the master cleanse! Wow, that got here fast!RT 1 month countdown until graduation! Getting more nervous by the day... I have no time to waste and less time to waste it in...JAH BLESS.. fight me took me a sec to figure out it was you..lol You're right. More than their share of tragedy. scraps celebrated earth day all day yesterday. they probably already think you're creepy... Excited For New Jonas Album 5 in the house of the canary orchestra. Comcast has it on HD channel, it's 999 at my mom's. Top 3 commentators in order... 1. Gary Thorne, 2. Bob Cole, 3. Doc Emerick I think you had to be here before 12... :-( Rep. Swerdfeger, R-Pueblo, says he'll be a no on #coasset bill. Writing HTML/CSS for an email campaign is like a blast from the 1990's past. Hi! Oh...sounds good right now! I've been carrot cake with cream cheese frosting! Wow, my ex visited me today. Saying he had to see me to see if he still had feelings for me...it been 2 yrs ": No, I don't want to hear about your bowel movements. Yes, I do find you disgusting. Thanks for brightening my day. :-) haha How much does something like that cost!? Thanks for coming down to , checking out and all the advice! I am not So what is it going to be tomorrow Ravens? Life happens. Get over it and move on. Can those born w/preexisting condition be free w/o access to health care? Health care=fundamental human right. ~Akhil Amar, that's not what I meant. There's a different between jamming on your laptop and hitting play, which is what I was talking about cool cool!! Mavs are awesome!! well it would be great if you did! ^_^ you should have came with us!!! Xoxoxox ah bull they spend it on hoes baby mamas cars and jewelry": I get that many come from a place where their families struggled, so i voted today, yay! According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than "50 Shades of Grey" Indeed a failure. But I will be there to cheer them on! Can't wait! #BC fans stop crowing, beating #NU in the #Beanpot is like you all puking on the T as it turns up Comm Ave happens all the time. Can't even txt no more cuz it might get screenshotted Bought the cutest dress though The crowd in PES looks like an Eastern bloc misey fest boys are crazier "Why do people want you to speak your mind and then get upset when you do?" Trying to keep positive, but I'm beyond frustrated and stressed. Glad you're enjoying lunch! We're happy to help your productivity! :) wow thanks! I love #ted talks! It is a dream of mine to be a speaker there! ;-) It seems like is busy as ever! N and I miss our active mamas and babies every Tuesday around noon! Dnt run away from ur problems they might be faster then you lol Hey #Milwaukee, be sure to check out the #CashMob this weekend! Do your part and boost the local economy. Such a wonderful day it is! :-) Got a ten on my calc quiz. I didn't even need 's help!! After Pres. Obama's announcement, some religious African Americans won't vote Romney but they WILL stay home. HELL YEA! BUMS!!! LOL I've (finally) started digging into Sandman. Also liking "new" Doom Patrol; just got missing vol 4 so I can proceed. '90s? wuh? Raleighpalooza because Sam from gave me 4 of the best hugs ever and i had a photo/press pass! lol. I see. You made me think CRAP I'M LATE FOR WORK!! But since it's Wednesday I'm off =] I'm still zooteeeeeed. Get UW professor Scheufele's take on the influence of digital media for Wisconsin's recall effort here: gbpg.net/uY2MmD so whats new? PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 42 's Geist was quite nice tonight the turbot w/ fennel ravioli, the raw ox w lump roe,& the vanilla i.c wOlives&liquorice were tops ya. It took him a while to notice me! Good Luck :) I need a haircut asap #Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 72F FAIR Tuesday Tips is happening right now! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter Soda for $13.99. A lot of Great BBQ for a great price! New Businesses should take advantage of programs offerred by our Business Assistance Specialist. Call for info! G'morning great people!! Go be great today! Lol..back to this music Yes! Of course on the other hand I get impatient on elevators. and here i am. like always. 12 hours of food and wine pairings...not bad. Did I mention I got paid for all that time?! did you use the whole 2 minutes to sing on the X Factor? We have pulled the plug on Jonny Sanchez after his 15-0 claims. Still taking resumes guys! solid record definitely need to spend some more time with it, seemed like the perfect Sunday morning album that's just bad form. HBO is changing a bit so book readers are getting to be as in the dark How do we know we're reaching the unchurched? is getting calls asking if we're having worship tomorrow. hey, its okay. The stuff that says can be rude. I mean i wouldnt take it.....(cont.) it is ridiculous that this is even controversial You're a perv too omg! NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! whatt does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song? S/o 2 all my city tech basketball girls for making last night what it was..... Mad jokes n other thing when every we all hangout ;-) <3 yall Dateline or 60 Minutes? 60 Minutes was awesome. i already gave up on that test haha People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves. You're as fake as they get ah, thanks so much. can't wait to try them out. I'll let you know how it goes. #SEM2011 I present during the sound studies soundwalk tomorrow. #sadness Techno at 4PM. i hope you just fell asleep instead of not texting back... It's wonderful what we can do if we're always doing. oh..i wasn't aware gamel stayed in too..i was referring to Yo..you're right..uber eerie Ditto! RT : We're not kind. We're smart. We know quality. #thoughtswhilerunning shit when am i gonna be done Funny how girls tend to like/be all over a guy more when hes off the market, smh.... I guess you want what you cant have. omg i'm so upset i'm missing the voice. i'm hoping this game ends early so i can catch the end of it! NICE PLAY ! Happy Birthday! Blue Jays remove Francisco Cordero from closer role My school visits have also been a huge source of inspiration this year. I'm waiting patiently! NEW SUMMERTIME 2010 ((HIP-HOP VERSION)) AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD 2DAY!! So sentencing of #dougbruce comes down to 1.) Prison, 2.) Jail or 3.) Probation... - Ok your right then. Time to move forward than stand still "Measuring Dragons". Tuesday 11.11am Going to go get my nails done later with my cuzin anf mom for hef quince=D Here are a few other #Schoology users that are great references: shit! i was going thru my past tweets, nd i saw a bunch of tweets that were NOT mine! AND THEY WERE ADVERTISEMENTS! fuck you, hackers! When is my all time fav gonna fight again? Watched "Drive" last night, not a whole lotta driving. Movie shoulda been called "We're Gonna Need More Bleach" ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ... Hugo was Constance's husband whom she shot. Smoke. Smoking is the leading cause of gum disease. If you are a smoker, try to cut down, or better yet, quit. Sorry I've been so MIA! New post tonight, promise! :) #TOURS 2:54 Announce Tour Dates Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw It feels great getting an email from our charity's president saying I did a great job and how well our team has done. :D Grizzlies play today.. Time to see my team advance to the next round! At #DRAKE concert in Denver!!!! Cant wait! Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :) 7 #hospital taken cared of now his condition might just get worse. We hope someone at Desert Springs Hospital take notice of this. RT : Our summer line debuts in TWO days... Never knew about China's embrace to black culture. Awesome share! that's why ur man got cut. He sucks likethe whole kardashian media family Total Recall: Victory at Sea Summer's almost here, and you know what that means -- from now until Labor Day, the Earth will be in near-co oh i ate too much cantaloupe The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep. Goodnight to my sis , my bff and my fav girl in the world ! love you girls! <3 I think I fell in love... please come home so we can talk :) RT : Get your music mixed by & Homecoming is next week gotta find a dress Hey I hope you're feeling better! Poor big guy had a cold.. Hilarious! MT : Someone at #mw2012 promised article re: tech destroying memory. He must have forgotten, & I can't recall who it was. #Dangerzone/Topside Films The yoghurt splash me and go to my hair and this is the stupid event lol I got shy infrontof him . (•~.•~) Take home the title in are they hiring over there!?? :) LMAO RT: : how can you not love He teaches white ppl how to communicate with minorities. im not psychic i'm always hungry. -_- i wish my stomach would chill. Tough to say. I'd guess 10. RT how many AF games get televised this year you think? “: First God, Then Yourself, Then people..Many people put the last group before everything and everyone” Demi is the girl who avoids drama and hate. She knows that time is precious & she isn't gonna waste hers on unimportant people. <U+2665> You go girl.... And don't you come back. David, it's the best place fr racist to show their TRUE feelings. This way they don't have to face u. Sat here Watching all covers and I am so damn proud of him..he's achieved loads in a small amount of time..I loveyou austin.<3 Many a man has found the acquisition of wealth only a change, not an end, of miseries. – Lucius Annacus Seneca Crazy so proud of my former player Sharief Adamu signing with Auburn, remember a lot of good times...and real talks.... #proudcoach # Fenty is giving a good analysis of how the city has dramatically improved in terms of education, crime, and government services. If you are in Manchester New Hampshire, The Glenn Miller Orchestra has a show tonight at 8pm @ Saint Anselm College. @ Shotters getting it inn with my folks! HAPPY MF BIRTHDAY 2 ME Aaayyyeee!!! . Im lame. Im laying in bed, listening to 1D and talking on the phone with my brother. We have a new server ready - vpn-co29 openvpn server in London UK. It's available in your customer area now. that awkward moment when im inhaling these hot cheetos like theres no tomorrow and everyone is staring at me. . . . Tonight we're beginning our re-watch of the Alien movies because I can't really remember anything from them. Except that there's an alien. Agreed! RT : taco thursday doesn't sound as good as taco tuesday, but it tastes as good well to me its Christmas all year round. Duh! I'm a christmasholic(: I love my new texting app :-) Kobe just passed Larry Bird for 5th on the All Time Playoff Steals List Good will always prevail, go caps...well this time at least is in Final Transmission tonight, 8PM This show is quickly red shifting into the vast reaches of oblivion. Check it. Hey Clippers... This is the playoffs. Today was def not as exciting as yesterday! Wooten Patent desk from Indianapolis part of World's Fair exhibit at Nelson-Atkins Museum in KC. Right on. That's good..i'm good Watched for the very first time Titanic... One of the best movies I've ever seen! ya i woke up and all i said was dang he has alot to say to twitter by the way, 2 hours into it and loving it! Thanks for the hard work! Do You Love This Shit ? have so much fun at home!!!! lets get dinner when you get back :) - It's time for the propaganda to cease and desist..really! Hahaha. Awesome. Can't wait to start! She really likes eating. Huge mess but worth it! Maybe I'm easily amused but , and crack me up. Come to Punta Alley in Cbus to hang anytime Hey, so make sure you wake me up at 5:45 am cause I wanna get in a early bike ride in! I'm depending on you! :) I already know, regardless if you tell me or not. NEWSFLASH! A clean car makes for a happier person that drives it! Just Saying... OMFG I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. I can't even spell beautiful anymore without saying "b-e-a-uTIFUL" omfg Thanks for the re-tweet! RT re "econ lit…posits immortality as a modeling assumption" // not to mention positing immorality or amorality… You're right, Kathryn. Need to get Lloyd into the stream. ": who can name this song & finish the lyrics? "I'd sooner sleep by an open fire and..." ...wake up fried. // "Clean" LOve the video at the end! That's exactly what it's like! Still better than metro. I carpool so the commute isn't too bad yeah, rather keep my peeps informed tho and maybe you'll expedite your removal process If the Heat play the Cs w/o Bosh who do you have and in how many games? I just added "Newhouse" to my email dictionary. At the same time, I added "YouTube" and "LinkedIn" me too. night! RIP Jonathan Frid, the original Barnabus Collins from Dark Shadows. my parents called me a liar.... I looked them in the eyes and said: "santa, easter bunny, tooth f airy" and walked away like a boss. God Put Us Together...So We Are Both #Blessed Very Much So Andy and I are starting to worry. hate it when i'm forced to only sing in my head because it's late and everyone's sleeping :( Shrek in Economics (: Knowing that CFA brings out stars during fight night, who would you like to see at the show? (there is no way for her not to miss the realistic nips) And I miss you equally! Tomorrow Oomfs Is Gonna Get It In ! Lol I have a scheduled maintenance tomorrow at Land Rover, I'm dreading it <U+0001F612> Music, coffee, a To Do list, and a cute outfit to start the week keeps me motivated. congrats on making 's 101 list! You were a great venue for our holiday party! RT : Q3 Meeting the requirements of the Customer, Usability, Quick Adoption SORRY, I DO NOT SPEAK MOON MAN Interested in actively engaging your customer? Suggest taking look Comment Boards: Roseville CA, South Loop Chicago, for example They also killed him for his glasses. Which leads me to: I haven't seen so much red since they killed Piggy for his glasses. RT : Buffer Tip: Did you know you can drag your profile pictures on the Buffer dashboard to reorder your accounts? A day at home? I can't believe it! To the theater later, though...closing weekend! i gota question bout this mixtape cover ima inbox you ": tis a great day for that, gotta lvthis ny weather we having huh!?"lol always great weather when ur a champ you tell them Ross ;) Like I said: JB VanHollen Republican AG in Wisc., 2 years: no fraud cases brought mature and frat dont go in the same sentence. You need a G<U+0394><U+0399> The Hawaiian phrase of the day is "Aloha Au Ia 'Oe" and means I love you. Just 1 of the phrases I am learning b4 my trip. See my site. [insert knicks fan reaction video] thanks for the follow. Hope to hear more about your book! Truthiness! Like in Wikipedia . . . And they should have blonde Tina Fey co-host! Whatshername? Oh yeah, Amy Poehler. If you're looking for quality TV tonight, check out "Being Elmo" on my glasses broke . I need you to do me a HUGE favor lmfaooooooo fomf... I miss you pal A compliment is a compliment. Take that shit & suck it up nucca. so I ordered something off your new site but something wasn't a required field that should have been lol A baby doll for kids that appears to say "crazy bitch". The story at 10. How to Monitor Your Brand on the Web for Free That is a very poor translation of "I'm hoping for an entertaining game." But Ok. Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines. If you keep letting me go,it gets easier to stay away... Busy at 420 or something? Hahaha RT : I can be there around 430 "It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes." Yes. We analyze the results. Still have questions? Call us anytime. We like to treat people the way we want to be treated. The Week Ahead: Non-Farm Payrolls and Finality on Greek Bond Swaps? Well, you get what you pay for...if you're lucky. I'm looking at a #java project that has "implementation" and "interfaces" packages *and* uses the IWhatever convention. No Impls, at least. He blesses continuously *smiles* People better start being grateful for even the smallest things! very nice indeed.. What building will you be in? I work at USX -- we could do a lunch with weiyner and petrina Well THAT was bullshit. Is it a Dell running Ubuntu? Stuller: Buffy is an example of the female hero's communal journey: she elevates her friends to chosen family and empowers them. I going to sleep :) Can't believe Salty's problem used to be throwing it short. Now he's just throwing it past the base. “: I hate jose quervo.” well that answers our question. Jose it is. awesome! also, we need to talk. There might be cases when a company might decide that your speeding ticket insurance coverage is much too high the driver will be out after I take lesson....we watching The Vow with me bro. we are #sickbuddies blehhhhh Symbols, signs, and the cycles of things..... I just watched a guy carry an unopened plasma tv box into Burlington Coat factory. I'm not sure who is more confused right now, him or me. i hope will notice me #SomeDay and follow back!!<U+2665> <U+0493>sreve<U+044F> k<U+03B9><U+2202>ra<U+03C5>hl <U+2665> and we are grateful for you! THANK YOU! The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. -Alice Walker That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's.... please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!! I mean seriously THANK GOD I live in the future. Pocket computers and 3-D printer,s I love you. pm him at i4i fuck u pay me what are you doing tomorrow, keewey? (: Mikey Here > any body want to wake up at 4:30 am this Saturday morning and run for 5 hours? About 15-20 miles? Tonight better be fun, freetime... ;) Nice. Picked up that pennant & a car decal at Walgreens. like three bucks. lookin' good Mat and fan! Go get'm today! I received the proof and am in the process of going over it. Should still be on schedule for the July 31st release. Woot! So exciting. finally made it to the meat market district Gold on the Ceiling what a great twitter idea! Will follow you back. Thanks for following me! #fatasstweet lol RT": and eat!! That's what I'm more worried about lol" she told me she was working on calling me •-• "Validate" all competitive drills with a free throw at the end (Vance Wallberg) Oh no! Ready OK! LOL RT : #BringItOn is a #trending on the #Twitter.. What, what?! RT The most basic, time-tested health and beauty tip there ever was? Drink plenty of water and get at least 8 hours of sleep each night. Props to the University of Wisconsin folks that came up with the 12-player one. Simply excellent. Too many women's faces in art. #namsayin? Watching the series finale of DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES...Kiss Them Goodbye! ": Minnesota was too live tonight!!!! First time here and the love was overwhelming.. Can't wait to come back!" are you guys at supperclub tomorrow? :-) happy birthday bud! Thanks for the RT! probably not, but I will thank him just in case Cleaning spree like a Boss!! Mrs. #Clean!!! Lmao “: Why don't you tweet a link to Fletcher's response? Seems like your one sided. love love loved it. I think it would be cool, if like dragons couldn't fly, that they should be able to get their drivers liscense at least in South Dakota im in this dumb training class...sucks ass Sweet! I made that. WHAT UP FAM? HIT ME UP! ha.. even the one thing we have in common is different.. I keep my ipad horizontal ;) BrennanNewberry qualified 14th for the race today! Live on SPEED Channel at 3:30 West Coast Time! Who's watching? We're always glad to see students in the galleries! :D Only because #BOYFRIEND comes out tmrw all #Beliebers should have no school. This is like a holiday to us! On air 6-7 tonight at 90.7 FM and it's the 70th birthday of #LouReed so I'll have to turn in my dj badge if I don't play him I wanna die young, but as late as possible. I <3 my Mexicans! Happy Cinco De Mayo--practice Mexican foreplay and have some tequila!!! :D We're looking forward to it! "I'm gonna throw up in your purse" papastevesbars, thanks for following us on Twitter! Got lost in cooking last nite—started out making chicken stew & ended up with cauliflower /bacon & cheddar soup... Thanks Michael! Keep it up and I'm sure you'll get there sooner than you think. Help local kids by participating in Extra Life, a 24 hour GAMING MARATHON on October 15th. SIGN UP TODAY! www.extra-life.org TURE that! RT : "It's practically impossible to live here and not be a #foodie" #SFoodie #SanFrancisco #San Fran too cool for the hipsters Thanks, very much appreciated the opportunity. You can always come back sooner than the next AFW13! you that mad?? this nigga is ticked off. RT : Nigga stop RT'n me lmao I feel like there is magic in this world! Magic in everything... And I'm learning that you can actually see it when your patient! Which sauce are you putting on your burger this May? National Hamburger Month is in full swing! The Farmer's Fair this week and the Navy Bean Fall Festival next week.. you can sure sure tell that it's Autumn in Indiana! Head over and check out our good friends The Last Troubadour and Eat The Rich we will be playing with them April 8th. Welcome back to reality, where there are only 20 more work days of the year. What are we going to accomplish? hope u all follow me as soon as i think of a username an post it on here becuz i luv all of u guYz AND THERE WILL BE NOO SPAMM!!! LOL JS Great news! Got checked by scope & there is no more visible cancer ANYWHERE in my head. Still 3+ weeks of treatment left, but so worth it! Sounds like you're having way too much fun! Would you be available tmrw for an interview on LA NPR station on TCA? don't understand happy belated Mothers Day :-) la la la la...lalala la la la Thank you lots! THANK YOU and Jan Cuny, without the two of you today would not have been possible. Good cup of coffee. Good morning. Thank you St. Louis! Tonight was a lot of fun. fucking rule. See you @ penny road pub tommorow night! Change is good and in praying for God's will in your life - be prepared to move and be moved as the ability to change is God's perfection. Good game cards! Ready for Friday!! Just realized the AMAs were on! Ok, I guess I'll watch. yay! Thank you! maybe I could come by this weekend? I've got lots of yogurt cups to get started! this song i m playing > I am STILL wiped out from yesterday. Need to build some endurance for all that Vanna-ness! but if you were here we could have hanq out.. Going to miss the married clowns. The wife and I giggled every time they showed their names and that moniker on TV. i was so sweet. to what? nothing she didnt care. thank you! doesn't usually disappoint me. Let's hope Neil Simon doesn't either. ;) its so good. Love dangling then going top shelf. That lady that always kisses me is helping me with my itchy ears...that's pretty rad...she cool sorry delay in responding! I just saw her in a re-run of Will & Grace~she looks the same age as on "Good Luck Charlie"! Bout to go get breakfast. Or brunch...whatever. US Constitution Article I, Section 9, Clause 8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States. Stay asleep this morning and H… I'm in <3 I love my MCA and he's totally my favorite too. I want him to notice us too I JUST SPENT $50 ON A FUCKING VIDEO GAME! Thanks darling! Interested in performing?Msg for details. #FOLLOWBACK Thanks Round 2 with the kettlebell. We'll see who is victorious this time. Fine, it will probably be the kettlebell again. Affirmation of the day: I claim victory. Are you going to get a pair to review? always knew that one day, they'll try to bring me down Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it! so the bleach anime is being cancelled on tv.....FUCK MY LIFE!!!!!! haha ive played forever, I just figure I'd finally quit mooching everyone else's frisbees "Sony would know best" bwahahahaha Tomorrow morning at 9:00 am. Good Luck!! Thanks for the RT S/O to our new followers DL our Earth People EP and catch us at | Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can be of service to you. Never say you can't achieve your goals. Simply say I presently struggle with. Change your perspective, changes everything. Waking up with King 5 (in Seattle) for Tacoma clients. ack! Hope you are ok! :( I'm only kidding. How would you like to be the host of this radio show I've been planning? Hi, Im Mr Right. Someone said you were looking for me. thanks love! Can't wait to see you :) enjoying thinking about motivation: stick/carrot; autonomy, mastery, purpose; leadership, results, knowledge, aesthetic, tradition, social Star Wars marathon. Next time we need to have a vote for the things we pay for that we really don't give 2 flying pigs about Ok and yeah Im busy too.(: lmfao okay okay okay. i need my jilian soon though. so i guess ur back lol for all of arsenals work, could have been a huge setback there had Sharaway put that away omg you're going?! so when your done with the veggie thing, how about a good case of the meat sweats? Oh. Slow motion Seagal with a sword. DID YOU KNOW SHES SO FAT THAT SHE CANT RUN? you so funnayyyy There are dolls and there are babes. This hot slice of confection is DEFINATELY a babe doll #FollowFriday (via ) Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head Tomorrow: PHAME kicks off our 2012 #phamesparkle gala in high style - we have a kicking event committee, amazing co-chairs + inspiration! It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire...! Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours! I missed it what did world peace do? First thing is see when I go on twitter is Naked Harry.. I never understood that line. It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...?? BEFORE and AFTER: Denice is using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. This product is changing... thanks for RT! its okay, everyone has their moments #awwk (x ^ sandikrakowski: I have such respect for those who face their issues and don't blame. No matter what it takes, do the work. I'm in the Club World lounge waiting for my flight to Copenhagen. How did a girl from #Hobart end up here?! New Music comin yall Way 32 New Beats.6 songs completed so far..recording starts @ midnight... Bitches needa stop it with their drawn on eyebrows . Especially when its hellah too dark and crooked . #amreading Provenance: How a con man and a forger rewrote the history of modern art by L. Salisbury & A. Sujo. Great read! RT : Three killed in Texas cockfight. That's one bad ass chicken! I'm in the market for a legit bow tie, where would you recommend I seek one out? The Walking Dead > The Academy Awards aww :). Well these are just demos that we have and we won't have anything until we get in the studio soon! Stay put!! All I can do is pray!! All that noise hasn't stopped the #Lakers from finally playing as a team tonight. Finish it out Lakers! THANK YOU FOR THE SOUND MESSAGE ON SSM. We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects You say that you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot when the sun shines. -- Baseball star Roger Clemens has been indicted for obstruction of Congress, making false statements and perjury. Fuck they three real talk that's all they Finna get I don't want to think anymore.. continue their wide campaign against Braun; testing appeal process is private, except for ESPN I know this is so odd. I don't think its him. Mike raised them well. I don't get it Thanks for keeping the draft somewhat suspenseful. Thanks, Dr. Janice! RT : What great convo on #InternPro last night! Where else can new grads & old alums share? Wanna $50 G.Card from for V-Day? Be 29th Caller when U hear "We Found Love" by Rihanna. 602.260.9750 - yo! We'll be there! Thanks for the compliments on the show. Album coming soon! - too soon. i can't talk about it. get back to me in 65 years. idk! I hope so though!! I'm kinda grounded so I gotta wait to get off from being grounded!! ): RT : Ray Bradbury "I'm 17 and I'm crazy. My uncle says the 2 always go together. When people ask your age, he said, always say 7" I Need Some Pinky UH-O They Don't Call Me Problems 4 Nothin Hahaha.Its Problems Bitch. oh, im sorry. /: I didnt mean to offend you. :( truly enjoyable conversation. Looking forward to next opportunity / next steps. You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think. you haven't slept alone in prolly 4 months get outta here lol #LA is a small world! Ran into at Warner Bros studios!! Watching mall rats and cleaning Assuming you'll be on the grad stage Sunday, I'd play next Mon/Tues after work. Gotta get to Winona too, boys. The only thing hotter than politics in DC is Jazz. Poncho Sanchez put on one helluva show at the Warne tonight birthday gifts for myself haha clothes and a new hookah in first and last place. All to himself in both I JUST USED THE EXACT SAME LINE TO JUSTIFY THE PRICE TO MYSELF! HAHA You're awesome! are you talking about the guy this weekend? Bridges? I was talking about a protester arrested today--the jerkstore shoved me. New topic - Noise Ninja and the E-5 My God. That Miami arena is so empty, it makes Indiana and Philadelphia's crowds seem crowded. I'm married to a serial non-reader-who-asks-questions-first. I don't believe they even skim ;) Some follow the compass and some follow the cross When jake blessie freaks out on me for no reason. I'd rather be a teenager in love RT Apartment necessities: $130 launch party bar tab: $35, watching Return of the Jedi as a nightcap: priceless. Why is tonight so confrontational? What is the name of this elusive place you are moving to? I'm going to try to find it on my bike. If you can say it behind my back, you should be able to say it to my face. Ha! wait I think u found you lol hold on lol Okay good night :) haha that is funny! MS critical updates keep killing my os. Here's to hoping that a repair install works! We are all about the love and sparkle. looks like a national championship in the making! Thank you to everyone who came to the #IHSMDC event last night! I had an awesome time. BIG thanks to for everything! Women in start ups: leverage 1/3 less capital & bring same results; 12% higher revenues in early stage. Haha is my background flipping off the camera bout time he is a normal teen is meeting Donald Trump today....rumor has it he likes blondes. ;-) This girl commenting on this fb status need to take some time and read the bible cause she clearly don't. Make sure you like the words that come out of your mouth Dear neighbor listening to the Miami Vice soundtrack. Just WAIT until I get my speakers unpacked and can play Napalm Death. Aceves better out of the bullpen than starting, right folks! Looking out the office window, there are two women in coats... it cannot be that cold out... Here's a more tradition #FF. Have a great day! are you sure? So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.<3 You said it, girl! :) will someone tell me why a lot of people don't like me? I mean I am so sweet and fun. idk why they don't like me. it's like I have haterz. Awww thanks! and I hope you do more Houswives recaps! After grading a few freshman extra credit papers I'm becoming more concerned about Marquette's admissions standards oops...my bad, meant to say, nice site and thanks for the follow. be sure to check out our Talk with Amy Benson today at 4:30 in room P-206! Co-sponsored with SCoSAA! You were a total HPIC! Booty shaking with a bunch of fine men : ) Try to keep busybusybusy. I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD sorry I'm taking I am good-and you??? got a few events comin up-lets talk soon! MERCY! It is 80+ inside the house. Don't worry, I'll stop whining about the heat by September. Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset! You say you Pregnet? That ain't mine, I wrapped it that's how I know you lying Askin all them questions askin all them questions yea , but ima need help i aint got time for all that weak shit I'm estimating that 5-10% of people on WeFollow are "nearly spam" - not quite spam but not quite on-topic. The Amanda Show Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? <3 Feature on 's "Last Day at Lambeau" is almost in the can. See it Sunday night on at 9:00pm. It's really good ! Our speaker today...Noeleen McGrath is an award-winning television news journalist, media trainer and video producer. I hope so Jamie. Job market scares me. Guess I'm just glad I'm not married or have kids right now tomorrow's headline: "Big 12 Asks Florida State To Prom" it looks very, very exciting. I'm sorry to miss it! Just realized I have absolutely no plans for this week until Friday. Let the #funemployment begin! Run Fatboy run and Shaun of the dead AIM is for losers. Hit me up: afteritendszach same.. Now excuse me while I sing ruby Can't sleep , i have energy o.O just talked 2my homie U have a true friend when u don't talk months #and u pic up where u left off happy Bday my ninja OMG¡ Will he make a song with selena? What is an epigram? A dwarfish whole, its body brevity, and wit its soul. Everyone follow I use OpenOffice. Should open most anything powerpoint-like I believe. Okay ttys! Let me guess your preparing for your 5/23 appearance on my show RT : Work: it's what's for breakfast. Smells like yummy breakfast up in here! (: I'm your first follower!!! I feel so honored!!!! ;-) 9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers we got to open one present, picked out by mom. It was always matching pajamas. Still wear pjs on Christmas eve. Our cameras catch moments when 3-15 yr olds,charged w/arson in Woodburn High fire,walk out of police dept. KGW 8 11pm yes, it's *hilarious*. (le sigh) ha no kidding! Is Frankfurt the best way? If u want something done right u got to do it yo damn self..... Smh ok mo money for me............. Come meet Greg Toler of the az cardinals 530 pm. Plus 2 football games to watch. Texting him and watching Toy Story to go to bed <U+263A><U+0001F618> #BuenasNoches <U+0001F60C><U+0001F4A4><U+0001F319><U+2728> Wats good people I am back in da building TY for the RT did an amazing job of recovering. He was so smooth and unruffled. Great recovery! did they have to put her down? lactaid tastes legit They have rich owners. They never said they didn't have money, they just never spend. you totally jinxed my blackberry. That little black clock won't go away! B Lynch shoot that bio and current team to my man!!! BIG G will contact you Monday Morning Finally the New Directions win!! Its North Not "Norf"! instead of canceling the show it's going to turn into Survivor: Seattle Grace lmaooo haha i knew many of u guys felt that way Liberal arts majors? *rimshot* Cool story man. *this is me laughing my ass off* You are God's glorious possibility! one day he will livia, I promise ! I'm just scared cause he's getting so big </3 Are you in school? haha wow. so embarrassing I retweeted it. Support the Durango Shoe Drive.drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal! We need more shoes! Are these professors male or female? I just gotta ask. yay! glad we could set the bar for awesomeness! ;) RT thanks, Frenchy's, my first Stone Crab experience was great! Looks like Bill Buchanan has gone to the dark side. Ah yes! TRC is going back to school. Just got unofficial word that the UW Madison will once again be purchasing services from us 4 students! Breaking a car window to steal CDs is the old school version of pirating music. ": you think? slow on rotations and poor close outs. not much from a defensive minded coach " attributed to old age One a good note, #GreysAnatomy starts back up this Thursday! I've missed it quite a bit :) I need to do 'Merican things before I leave lmao!! You Know what I want<<<<<< I freaking can't wait for ur new album My friends left my house, so now I'm just watching se7en again. “: After 4 days in Nashville I am convinced it is Portland's little sister” it's true! Still looking for 1 band interested in playing at Dobbs in philly tonight. Rock/pop/ jam/ folk Email ASAP Damn. This new is HARD! Can't wait to play it at 6:00pm! Whoa: RT : To recap, about 30 min. ago roughly 100 protesters took over BofA in SF financial district. Standoff ongoing. hahaha classic. Best part is when Slider is getting him some. Paid Wifi? Blasphemy. 25-35 MPH winds at a soccer tourney. Yup, we're definitely in Kansas. Looking for Dorothy and Toto to fly by any second now. I know they offer 20x30 framed prints (I've only purchased prints, no frames). Has always been fast & quality is great. went to the ER and everything man haha nice to know That BBQ Chicken pizza I had last night is killing me! It is! the round red fox hopped over the tired dog. If that was the standard, they'd never hire anyone ever. Bout To Go Jam Sum Future can someone tell me Damn it Mr. Dennis, you just lost cool points wiffle ball and day drinking $16.87??? What's that in Swiss energy currency? A Recommendation For The Humble Condom | Diary of a First Child lol who did that? Thank you! :) Hey I'm wearing a grey hoodie to the show. Lets try to avoid that moment where I have to go change you tryna buy a lease or exclusive? well...its no fun cleaning alone, who would like to help? I do have booze... ...and hope your guardian genius." - Joseph Addison oh yea What should I do... I Hate Sleepin Alone.. All it take is one run tho i did. i appreciate when you take the time to write these kinds of pieces. I enjoy hearing about things in a historical context. Follow me for my bday-today please! have just realized that I am conforming with my first through third grade school uniform today - white button down shirt, blue pants hell yeah had to in the projects lol": Like , If you ever dropped food on the ground and then kissed it up to God, then ate it!! i understand, i wanna try for today maybe Hi babe (: I < google > myself(: Hello, I'm launching a new pageant blog and would like to give Forplai away as a gift. Where can I purchase Forplai? bring it on, bro. Spring 2012 Commencement: ... Integrated Studies, and Natural Resources Management. The 10 am Saturday ceremony was for the schools o... you got your first pair? This homework just gave me a headache! Come see us! Wilmington isn't THAT far… :) RT : Congrats on your win! The store looks awesome. Well it's that time again. Mom has 2 go 2 work, I need my beauty sleep and the dog has to poop. Have a good evening all! Goodnight! xoxoxo Okay, slowly getting back to "normal", and all of our $HT fits in the new pad.....score on that, time to relax First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips- yeahh. (: how have u been?! :p sick poster!(: Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!. I want a guy best friend :( we got u homie going down Jan 28th touring the streets of Paris At the Razz Music House CEO road to #Omaha “: The #Noles win game 2 of the Tallahassee Regionals 23-9. Tomorrows game will be at 7 pm tomorrow.” how dare you be so delicious!? :) Music, motorcycles, and food. you make me want to have a Tumblr. that's the best quote girly!!!! Search function not working properly, songs not loading in One_Love_Room , Server issues? it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes! #Imagine Austin putting whipped cream all over your pussy and then slurping it up<3 where does the #latenightALTrain go? cause I dont know if I want a seat or not. #takeaseat...maybe not. At AMMO, we strive to go above & beyond, corresponding to Japanese publisher in their native tongue. AMMO Rack visuals need no translation. Four main reasons I will stop texting you: 1. You made me mad. 2. You got boring. 3. I fell asleep. 4. You said the letter "K." Hey Ethan! I am SURE we have worked together before at Ocean Way or Record One. Thanks for following! Reminder: Because the takes place tomorrow, we have rescheduled our first meeting for 11/8. yes cover you were the coolest kid there!! And maybe in the entire world!!?? You can talk someone's ear off and accomplish nothing or be an example of what you believe and show them everything. it's just so hard. if only shit never changed and people stayed the same. but that's nearly fucking impossible ain't it ? 2 more hours and im done. Hopefully. got to start back at rock bottom but its ok ill make it back up there Who organizes the organizers? so he's not modest but is truthful? Btw, happy birthday! This summer, WOULD YOU RATHER....kayak down the Chicago River OR take a river architecture tour? Or both?? “I'm not an optimist. I'm hopeful.” Studs Terkel I never know what to say when i am complimented. T-T USF Federal Credit Union awarded CUNA&#39;s Complete Campaign Diamond Award Hey there, are you looking for custom leg pads / blocker / catcher, or just stock colors? Haha. Ya know Menu ideas for WI river? Thinking fish might be in order, rustic classy. wow, is cs6 worth the upgrade overall? Thanks a million! The Hyatt has invited DLF Forum participants to a happy hour at Bistro 300 on the 3rd floor. 50% off draft beet and wine. know this is tough, but are you up for a quick sound bite? Are you willing to talk to us for a sec before the game? agreed!! I can't stand that! So excited to show my new phone and my new hair and my newly re done room :) Good morning tweeps! It's a beautiful day outside : ) I have another clue as to what we will be giving away this Thursday... up in Willowbrook area? ah happy late birthday! Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin Welcome aboard Expecting big things from you. Taking matters into your own hands is sometimes the best thing to do.. Eddie Johnson litteraly scored...he just fortgot to the ball with him. Good luck! RT : Big day today! We're shooting our pilot in front of a live studio audience! How are you gearing up for #RoyalWedding guys is happiest with her silly family. <3 I am so excited!!! I am probably more excited than she is! Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one! Drew this iks extremely inappropriate. Please delete immediately. oh wow! u need a roadie or two bro lol I want to watch a Bradley Cooper movie! Like now! :P Still can't believe Manchester City are Premier League champs. It's a sad day in English football. Disadvantaged students in the first grade have a #vocabulary that is approximately half that of an advantaged student. Thank you ladies for participating with Ta-Ta-Tuesday. You are the best listeners out there. Keep up the good work. yes thank you. Even tho I can barely walk straight We're not serving lunch/dinner today but we'll b back tomorrow for lunch @ Central Library downtown, dinner @ #FFFTF. Sat. No, it was a single. ": You kissed my lips and you saved me." this lol your welcome You're welcome... :) what's up thanks for following hope your having a great one :) Vividly imagine how it feels to end your competition perfectly. How did it feel? How did YOU feel? Do this every time you train! yes u reading this, plz follow me:D Anybody out there unable to sleep? Thank you october, warm weather is saving the last of our crops. No frosts yet. This is still a ballgame. Remember has yet to play a 4th quarter in Cleveland. Let's go #Cavs! this new christian artist from Nashville This 55-year-old appreciates your book. Thank YOU. thanks dude! She's studying photography so if you have any interest in modeling/head shots let me know she'll need models Weekend without our guys friends,brothers,boyfriends,girlfriends, & all that extra? #BET ... but im still goin home to babe. lol WHAT?! How long are you going to be there for? RT : I'm on Columbias campus, where are you? The truth hurts. But a lie is worse Sounds great. I arrive tomorrow about 1pm--which day is good for you? Good for #Bills getting Mario. It was fun to see the AFC-E balance of power shift last year in the opening weeks, like to see it continue when are you going to be signing at Baltimore Comic Con on Saturday? That was Vincent Van Gogh, by the way. biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased. RT : follow -- <U+25BA> <U+25C4> entertaining, funny, inspiring & not afraid to speak the truth follow me "How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All" ~ Firesign Theatre. That's not fair... Thanks but I'm over it. I mean, I'm not gonna let it get to me forever. Haha, that probably sounds bad. I'm cold -___- I'm sure he didn't So..... Just found out my dad is graduating college tomorrow. Nice! ": U can't tell nobody you CHANGED u gotta prove & show them u CHANGED" Proud of u guys Coffee. It's an Alterra kind of morning. As much as I dislike walking home in the rain, I do love thunder storms Lol. I be doing that same shit. Don't want the employees thinking I'm a broke bastard. I wish I can frequently changed my default like other people. But I can't with this acne on my face now ugh. Good night Happy birthday to one of my bestfriends I love you :) Garlic & Orange Juice. Rihanna 'would love Whitney role': Pop star Rihanna says she would like to play Whitney Houston on the big screen. RT : Anyone give the #ChevyGameTime app a go? Thoughts? If you share a good idea long enough, it will eventually fall on good people.~Jim Rohn I know, feeling the same pretty bummed!! I was informed that it is pink shirt Wednesday . Thanks for the support; we've taken a lot of flack over these articles i like my green apple Make 2012 successful by joining the PPC today! Coloring Books to Print and educational Jumbo workbooks | Kids Care Appointments can be made to browse product at Lovesick Clothing's studio space, message for more details. You look so great!!!! Super hottie! What I'm saying is that Shawn Johnson was perfect just the way she was. Stupid, stupid media jerkoffs. HAPPY HOUR from 5-7pm! Come in and get your happy on--> $1 off ALL DRAFTS!! 1/2 off PUB MENU!! $5 LONG ISLANDS!!! Can't make it before 7p... RT : We're not friends. We're strangers with memories. #Blunderbuss just might be Jack Whites masterpiece explorer seem to be blocked on this computer.. hahahaha my bad. lol sorry bro.(; He kiss mines, and I kiss his back. Since he a real nigga, he deserve that. <U+0001F609> Very cool! Sweatpants, baggy hoodie, hair pulled back.. time to sleep while everyone's at school. That check I owe you, that you need to pay you taxes? I'll have it next week. Now, do my project by tomorrow. lol imma try I'm new at this You're dead to me - Romney to some unnamed dude on "using weapons of the left." New educational videos to grow your business are coming! I'm won't be there. I'll actually be in New Orleans for a friend's wedding. Excellent leadership training on #change management today! We have healthier body images portrayed in media (and in White House). Not enuf Chanel Iman's to sway me! :) no we don't. How sad! MT ...might be "easiest" way for DRob to step into role...Fans will be more forgiving for some struggles...<First sv tonite! 8+ hours painting the new studio. Got it all over & only halfway done...at least the Kermit Green wall is gone Aramis Ramirez helping his case for Lazy Ass of the Year again. Already in the Lazy Ass HOF, but padding the stats never hurts. Swag, swag, swag on me. Chilling by the bed while I'm seducing Harry. twitter is good for updates more than analysis. Trying to get the NFBC to have pts leagues Next time I go to WI I will meet them #ThisYearTkNcash will be on BEAST MODE. ik would think so right guys? ik they gonna kill it I can't stop-Dubstep ( : no problem! Be sure to come to San Antonio soon so I can go and see you guys live. I'm gonna try to learn your music on guitar! that place was Burg-tastic Boys are so stupid most definitely! It's like having the IM feature on without any controls wishes she had a magic wand to make certain people disappear right about now.. well tickets alone are 40 bucks, but I have a job for the summer. Persona non Grata => Unacceptable Person Just wanted to let you know I got your email , I'll hit you up b4 Friday. Much congratulations on all the upcoming success!! Follow me at Baker!! Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!! do you think it's worth the upgrade from an iPad 1? RT #mla12 does something I wish more people did, ends by giving audience head's up to key journals in the field. boy look at this body.........I work out Haha that awkward moment when you're tweeting that person right beside you..... Hey cousin. Haven't been on in a few. Message me your # plz :) Dang. Can I assume Ned Yost doesn't trust Mazzaro if he has Nate Adcock warming up in the bullpen and it's only the fourth inning? my mac air doesnt have cd drive. when i travel ive no way 2 play insanity dvds. happy 2 spend another $100+ for a download. plans? is cooking up chips & guacamole, tostada de carne asada, fiery fish tacos and red burritos. #TooLittleTooLate if your just now realizing your fat.... THIS SHIT NEVER GETZ OLD took the series!! These amazing tactical changes from you Canadian/Cascadian buddies are what now? now on my way to church How cool is this? On Milton's bday, Dec 9, Univ S Cal Engl Dept will host an all-day participatory reading of Paradise Lost. everything is bouta go down, can't forget the partying #sdadjouhastacosonthebrain What goes on here? this is...huge. Thank you for sharing! Great time last night East new opening of their B-more office. MICA alums & Zynga gurus Dave Inscore '95 and Dan Halka '03 were there State Rep Peter Barca said Kloppenburg may be able to win enough votes - but heavily based on Wausau and EauClaire where still counting. hi EJ sent you text about topline on tracks and other things.. follow us too! Miss your voice on tracks :) Slap that bung! at Hope you didnt bring your 11-year old to the Kelly show. I done burnt up the vacuum cleaner #YouGottaBeKiddingIf you believe Yom #Kippur will keep the hell fire away No lngr pushin 4 the bull...jus a life that's full:) Laying out by the pool <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600> Perusing for Mom's last day in the city. I really like her mixtape. she's adorable. The vice-president lost his job one month after hiring me, but I cannot say that there was a link between his dismissal and my existence. Today is the ultimate curt cobain documentary day. There's a couple spots left in my living room. Only requirement: mustn't be enthused. thank you for tweeting that picture! My Birthday is Tomorrow YAY! :D PLEASE FOLLOW !! Dear followers, Thanks for listening to our music if you have! Thanks, A Greater State “: When confirmations chase you….”>> You guys have amazing voices good answer Q: How do you balance mission of caring? It's a great day to throw the ball with your son! I wouldn't slow roll him! Someone should totes come visit me ill give you a free ice cream or something Happy New Year, Chris! Lets go okc So people are trying to file lawsuits against for 3 ending, gamers are becoming spoiled douchebags. ha I'm on a schedule I guess but I still have about 15 minutes left in me Appreciate the follow #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar #Phierce come on guys RT I know right! It'd be so awesome getting a professional massage! :) Special thanks to , and all those who attended Fri. night's SMILE, HON No. 14 release party at Balto. Book Fest! “ Naw i dont miss you i miss the moments ! <U+0001F602><U+0001F60A>” enjoying my last day of summer, enjoyed watching my favorite shows and now its time to get back in business. Idea's for a friday:Never and I mean NEVER talk in a different language to your friend's because if you do they will think you're cussing... nothing much. Wrapping up a release on some new music I put out. How r you? ST-Ericsson reports first quarter 2012 financial results - Reuters RUSHING IT ! thanks for the retweets and the compliments! YOU OLE PUSSY ASS NIGGA YOU AIN'T NEVER GOT DIRTY ! OH YOU BANGIN NOW ?! WHY YOU WAIT TO DO IT IN YOUR 30s #endoftheworldconfession even though I don't fuck with her no more... I still got mad love for her Need too pee blah, lowkey annoyed. Stop using so many fucking question marks. CORRECT: If u was really @ the club u would not be on twitter homie lol!!! When I'm at the club everybody n the club gettin tipsy lol hahaha yup I know. I can't even remember what I put in, I think it was one of our weird monkey stories hahahaha Is there really any other stylish sorbet & gelato around? will be kickin' it in the #MomsFF Secret Style Suite! u seriously compare us to the #49ers please! Stay n yo lane this is the #Packers league n everybody else just n it! #Go Pack Go Reminisce what you've survived yields strength. Is that why the fuel tank is always in the back? Glance quickly to see how far you've come! Yesterdays webinar opened up the eyes to hundreds of people allowing them the opportunity to be PROactive in their lives. Um, have I mentioned I'll be co-hosting #creativereads twitter chat this Tue @ 8 pm ET discussing 's #Imagine? Pls join us! just did NFL's greatest hype man #perfect> “: On set now w/ filming NFL Draft opening promos for ESPN. Straight FIRE!!!” Bipartisian does not mean she likes boys, girls, and partying follow me please...... "Love, and a cough, cannot be hid." -G. Herbert You let NY down Hi Kim Really? I would have thought she was more of a "Reservoir Dogs" kind of girl. Don't forget to check out my boo on #ToughEnough !! #martincasasus ..happy? ? lol acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".......... Plottin to take over the world heard it was great! Can't wait to see With what i know now...i'm never going back i almost retweeted with an I'm gonna do some muting for a little bit. Sinning at sunrise is the best time! No one expects it. ;-) XOXO Pretty much equal offers. Double album release (Woolly Mammoth and Human Behavior) tonight at Dry River Collective, 8 pm! Strands are for keratin tips or Brazilian knot extensions.Tracks are machine weft extensions- put in hair to put in extensions Yep & there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base. They cancel each other out. Everyone go follow he is new to twitter and a big uk fan When life hands you lemons, stick em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger. I send you listing? It has the most amazing carpet EVER. can't wait to try your wings! open houses this Sunday, stay tuned ... So Justin is probably missing Selena :) aww she probably just left or sumthing and he misses her already :) his so sweet :') so freaking jealous! a program where bands can win $500 in Taco Bell bucks to use on tour, and also get to be featured bands on festivals, etc. Congrats to and on their wins in the #Austin city council and mayoral elections yesterday. august 20th...it's coming!! #WhyDoiAlways forgive people who don't even deserve forgiveness.. I sure am whats good.? :) Inclined to design? Get these mobile tools - Chicago Tribune Chinese international students wandering the halls with unlit cigs in their mouths, speaking English to each other, saying "dude" #callingallangels,tonight...I think I am falling past the light. Help,help hold me just one more flight down the street where I onced past. What he meant> RT : Clint I guarantee you'll gave interesting combo with Fred ART FOR RANSOM...get the word out. Are you coming tomorrow night? Come on, just stop by. is def 1 of the real reporters. he mentioned the info he had that he does not report...where is the line? Got a second? Go follow And like them on Facebook. Hey, , if you ask nicely, I might bring you some Petit Jean bacon. Sad my brother wont be here for my prom :( missing it by only a couple days too. If only he could take sick days from the army to come home Rangers win. Knicks don't. Party in New York City? d other day 1 kept zig zaging back and forth in front of my car, almost killed myself trying 2 avoid hitting de little critter. Thanks for the follow! Maybe we'll see you at the next Las Vegas #CashMob on April 21st. Stayed tuned for more deets! Hey everyone has been hacked. Don't click on those URLs unless you really love viruses. It's 1:31pm and OU still sucks. (and we're serving delicious food...come get some) Heck yes really! dont you tease me! lol whose with ya? RT Myself -Why is it that when I'm on Cap Hill till wee hours of the am, everyone else is having way more fun? Oh, I'm here doing homework Riding public transportation brings out the worst in humanity. Yes, I attend monthly #foodallergy support meetings. I find them extremely resourceful. please check you DM! Thank you. Jose I could had the redbox franchise in all of AZ for $20k. Ugh! Boy did I miss that one! Crap @ the falls SA come by I'll buy u a drink #caseyanthony wow. I'm sure O.J. was about the only person who thought she would get off. Is anyone else ready to just be in the back of a pickup truck at Riverbend with a drink in their hand? Thank you for the kind mentions and RTs - much appreciated! Get matching tattoos with Zayn (: was also really bad through out the game! Someone shouting in the backround. Anyone hear it? I love your quotes Alex, they make me feel strong<3 Today is the big day!! Wine makers dinner at La Cofradia with Pinord wineries tonight at 7 Thanks for the support! See you Saturday! but you is tweeting right now!!! Congrats to all my colleagues & peers on their much deserved awards Health Info Sources & Found. of Info Professions :) And u? Comin home from walmart Got bitches doing my homework;) i wanna meet justin bieber!!!! We're on the same page! Photographed anything awesome lately? More warehouses? *cheek , sorry i cant type right im going so crazy ! *sangin* My heart belongs to a Roni... I buy the idea of "sand in the gears" - good! - but still skeptical on comparisons btwn blog comment threads and open seminars. There is a lot of very serious discussion going on! Are our kidding! You just don't like the discussion! 'gainst my window, I can't stand the rain bye angela. when i nxt mssge ya, i'll be halfway around da world. lylas Thank you for coming in for the palooza! You know how much our team loves the librarians! ;) You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.°<U+2015> Mae West Didn't lose my mind it was stolen...by ninja penguins wearing blue jumpsuits! I just found it <U+E056> Value of metrics at article level based on online presentation? (i.e. need to get to PDF through HTML - 2 "hits")? Balls. Nice run. Lousy ending. When do pitchers and catchers report? Trying Five Guys for the first. Yolo so weird. When do you leave? We really enjoyed talking with you and appreciate all that you are doing! Yes, of course I want to follow! Merry Christmas to you and your wonderful family......and of course to Mr Wonderful! With 30 min left til deadline, do u think Portland is done with the moves? Why did leave last night Yay! Got a cheese head hat ready for ya Gannon! Is there something we can help you with? Sorry for any issues! embrace the cold! I've been getting up at 5!! good morning and can't wait to hear the news :) well hi to you! We met at WestLawNext! Donna Tuke / Ed, Legal Info Alert Sol and Sam said hi :) I'm with them right. no problem! Taking my hair from a level 1 to a level 4! I'm scared ..which is crazy because I'm a hair stylist .. I just hope the color fits me I sent you an email last week regarding my project for class. Let me know if you got it! Thanks! I'm going to be on Pit Boss tv show. The crew filmed me when I was helping out giving food to the dogs. U might see me on tv when it airs. Still at the studio. wont be done till like 6ish. Sunday coffee and Serie A. Go Bologna! my day was pretty chill actually, and yours? We're so excited! We've got ants in our pants and it makes us want to dance!! New tunes coming soon!!!!! Please follow me back!! :)) I never thought that I would agree with Van Jones on ANYTHING but I have to agree with him on Holder... I live for the nights I can't remember with the people I'll never forget. awesome, it kinds does! :D thanks! Just shot my first set of 3 sheets. Our art space is starting to book up! We love our local artists and are delighted to find more discovering us. Joined the MBP crowd this weekend (personal box). So far, I'm definitely liking it. Design and interface are great, and it is really fast! It takes so much for me to thirst over a female. She has to REALLY fine Hey! it's , time to change the world! 3 days 20 hours until the next SKC game... countdown baby! yep i'm excited! God Choose My Destiny Why We Need Tha Jewry Fa One of the best library systems in the country do you gurl. I just signed up for #prezi and creating my first prezi. the Harvard baseball team did for it what Jersey Shore did for Enrique's "I like it" wonderful pictures, thanks for sharing! happy weekend! :) no, sorry, not sure, Eric Just left #dmbistro and WOW what a session on Learning Ijs....what good tonight where err bodi at We are currently seeking talented, musicians, bands and entertainers for #cruiseship #Jobs around the world for more info visit goo.gl/uMtnz #scusemesir can I get a little elbow room? Kthanx. WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK THE WORLD CUSOTM APPAREL I'm confused as to why Demi Lovato is on #xfactor...is it for the teen audience?? What has she done? After you get back home from a wonderful vacation on the islands, what is the one thing you miss the most about Hawai’i? Thanks for #FF! This is my own #Quote, When you step on someone elses toes to make it to the top, be prepared to have the same toes broken on the way down! Looking forward to the brits tonight!! :D I don't know why people cryin bout lebron and kobe all I know is they are never even gunna be no Jordan awesome. welcome to yoga :) if you get this tweet I just had an AHA electric moment I can finally tweet! Only could get to repo her favorite things. home in one month from today. he had the same one last year, right? I think it fits him perfectly. Haha. Half of consumers surveyed don't have 3rd grade level literacy on healthcare - Keckley Um, of course. Let's have us a fucking man night. Me? Jealous of you? Lmfao. Oh, honey, bless your heart. Hawks Home Opener creeping up... who's our lucky third? When the Crane machine grabs the thing u want 4 the 1st time and u get so happy :D and its about fall into that square hole then the machine Glad to know I'm not the only one in my office who can't deal with the "no headphones" policy. Co-workers are discussing making a petition. yu like ignoring me bc that upsets me Hi! Thanks 4 the follow! :) & sorry I didn't get 2 call 2day, I'll try u on Monday. Happy Weekend! :) tried on an AMAZING purple ombre pair of ray-bans at saks tonight and now i can't find them online anywhere!!! EFFFF Why do kids get killed cause other kids find their parents guns? Why isn't the safety on or why is it near them? #whattheshit? I'm going to deal with the name generator issue with my diss :) he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and make-up can't hide. Tom Hardy? Statistics I will conquer you!!! mon twitter t'a unfollowé. pardon. I should go back to reading this book, but I don't wanna turn the light on. Now totally looking forward to your cover of Suicide Solution... There are still two weeks for me... Why do you start such soon? I gave up my iphone and now I have a galaxy note. I feel kinda lost in this world without my phone now lol I guess we will see what Happens in the Mercedes-Benz SUPERDOME!! :) Stay Strong Dylan<3 You wear white and I wear out the words "I love you," and you're beautiful. no idea who that is. ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 20 Thanks for the follow, Lisa. S/O to can't wait to have my songs on their radio soon! no problem and I'm good xD Don't know what to get a guy for special days well ask him what his favorite team is and get him tickets to see it!! If two chains charge 100k for a feature how much does he pay for beats ? Yes sir… C.J. Watson in my Bishop Revie Rev voice!!! me too; better to be the patron! Hi Ed, i am glad to see how you are embracing collaboration even out of the firewall. Congrats Feeling like it might be one of those days... TGIF!! Like a kid on Christmas eve.....anxiously awaiting #LEGDAY & the DOMS that will follow. thank u so much pastor!!! that won't b necessary tho i know i can make it out,i will definitely be at church tonight,God bless! thank you!! Nfb Got my first audition tomorrow with the new agency! Straight to callbacks! I like your style I'm playing a waiter lol HEY , TELL UR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME AND ...... Better than being in Boston RT More rain in Austin Luckily I didn't bring any rain gear or any long-sleeve shirts I Choose To Make A Change & Thats My Choice. Just saw a dude wearing flip flops, a North Face and a Supreme hat. I'm not sure is cool anymore. Damn...that was a certified body bag. X Factor. Oh what a tangled web we weave ... In the 60's, 1/3 of all Fed revenue was from corporate taxes. Today, it's 6%. Now WE bear the burden, while big corporations get the breaks! I'm pumped! I'm so excited to hear the boys new album! OMHS!!! I wish I was with them to hear their new songs! - Blanka Auditioning for commercials is a unique art form. We convey a strong expression, reaction, or emotion in seconds...wait...like Twitter. whats this mafia family i keep getting added to? on the air! listen in to the Brenna & Brenna Law Forum on ! Listener Tribute Show with Giveaways! Call in! I love the fight in you man, we need that in Milwaukee, we haven't had it here in a long time ill talk to cindy please follow me? It would mean the world! <3 shame. let me know if you make it. happy mothers day mama's! Today's society doesn't built or compose any1 it decomposes u like rotten eggs so dont be miseducated like the title LP of Lauryn Hill If I ever run out of peanut butter in my dorm I'm probably going to have to resort to cannibalism Is Ryan Lindley of #sdsu an NFL prospect? ": Who's watchin Glee! Tune n East Coast" Watchin'! Go NeNe!! We stopped at Stuckey's a few times. Typically, though, it was the Turkey Shop, Thanks for the follow. GREAT story in on What did you look at? Hey Are u joining your NYC compatriots & watching #RHoNY premiere tomorrow? Happy birthday Fernando! Just saw that you're going to be a contributing editor for Southern Living! Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your recipes. lol you always up! I miss you too! Do you have a date for boot camp yet ? I hate my face We might accept fakes :) Come by next week! RT : I can't grow a mustache... :'( wait a second. Let's backtrack. What year were you?! lmao. okay thanks :) Hi! Please help me win, I am 2nd place! Unlock my badge www.kupoz.com/kupozchic thank you! come down in January when I'm on my break from school :-D Gribben on TOTN yesterday, attempting to deflect outrage of teachers and librarians I hate being sick -_- Learning abt CMS's Center for Medicare & Medicaid #Innovation at HHS's #Fusion event on idea generation and implementation. hey i made a twitter XD! now i can stalk you ;)! Yuck! If you're ever had hair extentions or thought about it, you should watch episode "The Don't in the Do" Y I'm getting sad n crying cause I'm doing my invitation Omg like it feel like a dream Omg please wake me up This nurse I always have been looking like she mad all the time. I thought nurses where trained to help people, not shit on them. Illusion never changed, into something real, I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn. <3 and i said I'll kill all the first born Thank you so much Melissa, its appreciated. My daughter is a blessing and treasure. so glad to hear it. Watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives about Dogs & Burger. Omg, had me at 'chicago dog'. Starving now at 9:55pm. With too many Latino kids in foster care, a state assemblyman searches for ... - San Jose Mercury News Thanks, man! I'm kinda floored by that... #seo #marketing , Harrah’s Casino, Emagister, Sam's Club , each sign 2 year marketing contracts with DeVante Designz Inc. devantedesignz.com They have taken so many tests in the last 2 weeks...EOC exam, On Demand Writing Test, AP exams, & finals. RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch... It's hot here and has been during the weekend. well now I HAVE to watch it! I'm so curious about what happened to make it so awful. Swag S-She W-Wants A-A G-Gentalmen and I got crafty and created beautiful masks for Mardi Gras. I'm thinking we need an etsy store. Wisconsin limbo was entertaining. Time to come home dems. The game is over. State is ready for leadership and unity. Crazy sex couple Mack Hall I can't wait! I have 2 lines :) not ringin any bells I tend to test people on their loyalty, honesty, and how real they are <U+0001F609> Fuck! I NEVER have time for a fuckn nap! They ALWAYS want me too do stuff around! Ugh... fuck you lazzy ass fuck! ugh! I work with a ex bank robber .. Dude is the nicest guy you'll ever meet . Never would have thought lmao Another game today Middleton Sometimes I read something like The Bone People and it puts me in a way too thinky head space. Thanks for the RTs and yeah it hurt pretty bad too.D; mm mm mm Thanks for the follow ! I hope you're able to visit my house soon! There are some amazing folks on this planet. Yes, indeed, there are. changed o2 sensor for and fixed my lil bro's MacBook. Now I am prepping a new painting for ! What kind of mac n cheese today? M It was in my German book! What is "Good morning" in Turkish? Great seeing you on #4sqday! Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much! Thank you baby!! And yess you know it! Love you mas <3 They definitely need to open a fuddruckers in indy The postman is wearing sexy shorts today! RT : Sandy Clough is going on a TEAR right now on #thefan #1043 and he is EXACTLY right about the #Rockies Preach. #noaccountab ... tweet you tomorrow... Hi Kelly, sorry if we didnt get back to you last year on that 2x1 polo sale...as you can imagine it was super crazy in August Not sure that whole group discussion is going to help individuals solve their institutional problems. How to fix this? is my new favorite little girl she is a little ray of sunshine awe that's cute<3 man dawg stop Mike! Any new news on the new Us album?? Obviously! That's almost the best part of the experience! very cool! don't you love it when students begin to own their learning? The Drums are playing tonight! Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option. Was it shot in 3D? Hope so. I keep getting force closed errors on Friendcaster tablet beta. Any news on when a new build might be out or a release date? A strong woman wears the look of confidence on her face... but a woman of strength wears grace. Miss Scarlet! that movie was Jesus!! I'm gonna ask after practice if they are engaged. Lolol Tonight, an autumn plate: Flounder with cider braised delicata squash from #Sauvie Island Organics, parsnips and brown butter. Went to sleep last night, I heard the Lakers won, that's wsup My love is like a star. <3 I'm mad Chris T. N nem playin around nshit outside McDonald's There will now be 10 minutes between each task, rather than 5. Jealous that you got to go to Harbin in winter. I had wanted to go there while living in China, but didn't have the opportunity. i dont mind Don't be a drag, just be a queen thanks for the RT love Oh yes i was :( lol haha. I also had a fit when I had to take five minute showers. Breeders rawk.better than pixies. The #Rangers need to go up by 3, cuz the #Cardinals will just tie it up again if they go up by 2. #peeve, when people u never hear from send invites with store registrations for thier kids graduation or wedding gifts. Done, off my chest. She told me while doing background that the only possible way some people would be attractive is if they swallowed a magnet hope you can make it to the #Bazaar this year - lots of #bourekas and other delicious goodies! Will do boo! Back in DC after 10 glorious days on Taglit-Birthright Israel w/ #JFGW240. Thx , , & Shorashim for an amazing experience! They need to to put ma fool on that 2012 freshmen list ya damn right lol Their always the best ever...till u get played just be the Dad you want her future BF or Hubby to be. She's watching more than she's listening. from one Damon to another, I salute you. I'll be there assuming my arm hasn't fallen off by then. I've no idea and I'm afraid to find out LOL are you coming out tomorrow? It's been a while! you are out of your mind, first half 15 fouls to 5 wow cheatin just did(: with who? PLOM (poor little old me) #AWD students: PLEASE please please share your Google Docs with my "husky" email address. Awesome! I'm doing my Hunger Games one :) it's fun. Google+ still exists? Wow. Thanks Jimmy Kimmel for making me laugh really hard this week. First LA and GO and tonight Ron Artest. So funny! 12 Days of Red Dresses — #8: Party Selena Gomez became quite the fashionista in 2011. From showing off her gams in flirty minis to prov Your updated Facebook Page looks great!!! and I just wokeup. he and I haven't said a word to each other, but he favorited one of my tweets. #first40songsonshuffle #17 And Then There Were None - Spring Awakening I miss so much! I wish she lived closer! I agree. I think Chekwa could be a contributor as a nickle back right away and possibly grow into starter. Leonardo DiCaprio is starring in his upcoming movie The Great Gatsby. I'M DYING RIGHT NOW We have to go see it together! I usually hear that Zendaya and I look alike :) I am currently listening to Jonas brothers. And not a single fuck is being given. don't talk the talk if you cant walk the walk. . . is that a real saying or did I just make this up??? Da bears takin it to Detroit. Don't get devon hester a Christmas gift. He will just return it alright now that's a big improvement from the last one! Trying to find the song to sooth the feelings I drink to make other people interesting. -George Jean Nathan Oh Lord. Being a celebrity IS exhausting. My <U+2764> goes out to all Kardashians. Good night. Menino talking to kids scarier than threat to Catholic Charities for stealing staffed. I'm very glad to hear that. Having nothing, nothing can he lose. William Shakespeare I legitimately miss my parents a lot. No i thought it was funny Are you graduating this Saturday? If so, come by this week and mention this post and get 10% off your total purchase! I'm with you on that! Same to you! Happy New Year! :-) So Happy you liked the sugarcane juice! Now they need to stop. They in here being too extra with it. Our prof is taking an odd tone and says "they'll never commit to #RDA!", so we're not going to learn it :( If your not involved in the situation, then stay our of it. Its that simple. Mind your own business. Great goal bu Fletcher but the weakest defence all season for that play,well done Mick. We're following each other, would you DM me your email? I can breath again. Today's lesson do not ignore on the things that needed to get done yesterday cause tomorrow you'll be paying the price! Good morning twitterverse! Don't you hate these tweets? Nothing like a trip alone! Most welcomed =) Haha , like weird people but no one really big.. and noo ICONic Boyz,, but i really want them to follow me! you?besides nick you better!!!! I'm PUMMPED for photoo tomorrow! Poised Creation network is continuing to be built. The lunch that I just had was amazing! soon. What's ur email ill shoot yu sum new shit. Thanks for all the #FF. I appreciate all of you guys. Thanks again! That bird knows what's up. We all go a little crazy for sushi sometimes... :) ...but for typing TRAINING, auto-correct is poison. Your 4 year old improving your conversation? 8 week diet & exercise program completed. 27lbs. lighter, 4 inches off waist, 5% body fat lost. Ready for trip to #Japan and #Korea in Oct. Goodnight Sam . Sweet dreams <U+0001F49C> 2012 will be the return of the Alpha Man! Ladies prepare yourselves lol As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you. But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime. would love it if u would taske a pic with in it It was SO great to be a part of #BWELA! Thnx for the amazing opportunity & great experience & ! You are amazing! I think it's really important to celebrate Earth day today. I mean, no one celebrated Pluto day and we all know how that turned out... Merry Christmas Eve! :D Ugh! It's Monday... are you gonna be playing any shows up in the BAY!! or you just in LA this week??? ...and they were probably "holding back" while on camera. What a wonderful night with great friends. Tonight is the start of your Big Bang Theory addiction! Tune in at 6:30 for the show's pilot! Hello Spy. Hah! We don't! Not do we use flat for apartment or boot for the trunk of a car. :p lmao, ik i felt so dirty that i havent been on for YEARS! and im chillin and I send each other the ugliest pictures. :) I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks! Congratulations to Maria, Eric, Becca, Kathleen, Koben, Isaac, Mike, Logan and the many other grads! bye-bye tweeters love y'all RT : having a content management system doesn't mean you have content; it means you have a printing press (via ) age makes it worse. Going to the beach. Finally a vacation for the first time in over a year. It's a mad mad mad mad world! i plan to drink Saturday needs to hurry up ^____^ damn and I told this kid at school it was gay is the best co-conspirator ever! I like the deals posted by ... Follow and RT if you love #deals and love to #save money! PIP is the greatest invention ever, at least for today. A tweet devoted to While She Sleeps Ever have a skin rash on your face that only heals on one side so you look like a bizarro Greek tragedy mask? No? Me neither. Need something to do today wanna spend some money # on myself:) I love me ......... Hate being sick smh. Will you get to jump in the lake? RT : I wants to go to the lake this weekend your name in my phone .. Disssss bitch chilling bored wats up with u Yes, I know is closed on Sundays, but the after hours package drop was locked, carted all 3 packages to another, with no drop box! That goes away if you go on another cruise. #Placebo was nominated 4 "Best Director" & "Best Film" @ the Dusty Film Festival :) Congrats :) gets your goals together and figure what you want in life had to be truthful with them. A little shameless plug for the Voice while I was at it! Not that you get any time to have a relationship as a company founder, even mobishu dog feels neglected. I am currently in a social media class today so this tweet is my homework! Look for more interesting tweets in the future;) Amazing how I know the Catholic Church made up the no meat on Friday rule, to help the fisherman, but still feel guilty eating meat. Bravo Finna get some pussy I think :) Papito give som t-en to eat. It Better be long and fat and slender... Yum Another Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; HC people & organization involvement can vary greatly during patient journey hope the old bones in the house is ready for more quakes tonight. This nigguh ugly. u need sushi I was just really surprised that you two didn't know each other. guess Paul's been kinda MIA Matt can't go wrong. He's just flawless Nothing like a pb&j on fresh white bread! Los Angeles for TG. Do you have any plans for the holiday? Yrs n yrs of constant study and postulations n I officially deduce...women r out of their f**kin minds. The American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom. - Maya Lin I wish the fireworks would stop so I can sleep. About once a month. Good morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.-Hedy Lamarr Enjoy your day! So afraid of taking chances, how are you gonna reach the top? Just don't ask Katie Horner. She'll predict a tsunami. Recording the new album and eating lunch at m to my ears and belly. The Hives are so killing it right now at What? This is dangerous? “: Reckless driver EB on Lloyd Expwy from Vann Ave...female was dancing while driving. 1:08pm” yeah, didn't you guys get a 3 chip implanted in your brain? I think that was in the contract. So needs to accept the fact that he's downright sexy. Look at my pictures; read my profile. What about this indicates that I want to date someone's funny uncle? When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher. hey slut Rain. That is all. Every life is a story make yours a best seller I just feel more comfortable when i put my flat bill on We have all your #Kentucky Derby prep here-WWW.ussportspages.com This. RT : On the left, SuperPac's have been around for years. They're called Unions. lol no I'll read them tomorrow for sure. Tomorrow, because I'm an idiot and switched accounts mid-conversation. NOO ur way charming, flawless & ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:) now more than ever actually! when we release it you will understand why it took so long :) But tonight was bittersweet. I had my last gig with my jazz combo at the Silverado Grill. We went out with a bang! So much good feedback! RT : “: "Get over stealth-mode and start sharing your ideas. Ideas are cheap." #sls12 #SocStart” LOL thought I had my head pierced.. its my headband! My bank does the most, and so does my other job with my paycheck! 20 years from now his swag ain't gunna pay the bills Not tweeting a lot until back in GA! But keep sending :) haha it misses you. Believe me. #ItsHardTo be in a relationship longer than 6 months, when youre not willing to give UP ur VIRGINITY Yeah. I would feel ALOT worse if I did that. Looking forward to topless kickball at comfest Saturday. Raise your glass (or shirt) if you're playin! C great game! Your a beast glad to have you on the nuggets squad! yo BD is this thing working? Holla at cha boy if it is. You deserve the best, you're beautiful &lt;3 thx so much! Great :-) State Farm isn't it? Plan: Drinking free coffee at work. $1 to my name. I will get through this a better and stronger person. And a little leaner. :) I'd rather the puppies than the Moon Pig sitting next to me at BUR slurping on his water bottle. Too early for this! Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world Just remember, it could be worse. I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox. Leadership Retreat Starts Tommorow at 1!!! Woo hoo get pumped!!! Michael Douglas movies rule. He is always wearing a business suit and trying to kill his wife. And he always has a mental break down. Hmm, able to log in to our server box. Completely forgot we had 2 drives in this machine. Full recovery looking more hopeful. Pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake Just got home from my job :( ready to wind down and go back to my JOB tomorrow :( #TheVoiceUK was good at the audition stages, but now its just boring :/ getting on a train in the morning on thursday the 14th of june! miss you too big bro, how's your break? Yeah, baby. A/B test that shit. I'm going to get a donut. Probably the 26% no one wants to see... #iplspring a feature can only be aesthetically functional if its appeal is NOT reputation-related True, but the same can be said of Repubs trying to make birth control an issue. In 2012. RT I wish all these religious types would stop talking about sex all the time They have no experience on the subject<< LOL. Agreed! Wig & Mitre Lincoln - spot on as always A morning given over to coffee and Derrida is just not a terrible way to start the week. Mind you, a rubric is not a "goal." I'm just trying to get the nuances of each term clear in my mind. yes it keeps saying forbidden when I try Nd add u ! Send to . Quite night*spending time with my pets the real rapper I miss spring break. Welcome 2 the good life RT : My adventures north are comin to an end. Officially moving to Dallas, what's up ! Texas Forever can you put my name on the pic please? (: conference then vacation. Looking forward to the time off. :) you are truly a great human being. pics remind me of hangin wit my cuz at rileys childrens hospital indy. Sure do miss him you should probably follow him too. He's a scholar and a gentleman. Finally watching Tangled. Even cuter than I imagined! singing the MOST PERFET DAY AYYY!! lol in my (sponge bob voice) feel more relaxed after Yoga by tonight. Thanks! getting up nice and early tomorrow to temporarily dye my hair. I hate doing that, but I need a little summer change! Happy Groundhog Day from Absolute EyeCare! Great thing about baseball: You never have to wait long for another chance to succeed. Each day rain's been forecast this month, I've biked in & parked in garage--no rain. Today the same--it's only now raining in Polish Hill. An EP is an extended play, usually something around 4-7 songs. Like half an album sort of! Happy Earth Day, friends! Take a moment to think of your impact on mother earth - we only have one! Yall better be ready for TONIGHT...Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan at Sunset Station & then headed to BAR 11 to get CRAZY! Lol I'm gone it don't take but one time <U+0001F602><U+0001F602> look ahear it aint my fault u cant read New oil pump, new oil pan gasket, but no oil pressure. Wtf, don't think I did anything wrong... Motorcycles. Everywhere. Steel Ponies opens at the Eiteljorg in 27.5 hours. Get your motor runnin'! I HAD TO BOOT A CONCEPT AND CREATE A NEW ...DAMN I do lol!! For every great success story, there is a list of failures along the way "That, right there, is a proper 18-year-old, someone who probably knows how to draw an excellent dick on a grease board. Happy birthday, Megsters! Love and miss you, friend. ...P.S. I miss how we use to celebrate our May b-days ;) Im a give it to you al night long. who am i gonna hit now? lol Thanks for the #FOLLOW and is about making public affairs reporting more efficient and modern, focused on accountability, methods and tools 'Avengers' Surpasses $80 Million in North American Opening - Wall Street Journal Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Great Mustard Relish 4 / 5 Stars | 1 Review by henriksmom "An easy blend of pickles, onions, and your favorite m I can't wait till my baby Is here <3333 #excited mommy Im on one Re: bit.ly/pzgHU2 Bubble not limited to online info & probably built upon a lattice of our core beliefs. agreed - I was surprised at amount of pundits who think Dalton hurts Ds chances. He knows what he's doing. thanks Wayne! “: that's phat!” RT will you guys be coming to south florida by any chance? Ive missed you guys. Last time i saw you was at new vision! :'( who should be the next XPOZ beauty went to refill my drink of water in the kitchen, only to leave the drink in the kitchen and sit back at the computer. wow... . knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song. Guess what ? :) Followed 30 people so far! 160 to go! (i think?..) lol Crush on #JohnIrving steady as ever but now having tiny crush on Kevin Moriarty. Perfect host! RT “: the #USArmy Facebook timeline is A.W.E.S.O.M.E. Role model for other agencies” Guys I'm at mad mex happy hour and I'm about to get my meet and greet on. cover of Boyfriend is just asdfghjklszxdfghjkl!!! i love him!!<3 You showed last night's crowd what grace in action looks like. Tom Joiner Fantastic Voyage March 25/can't wait You are making me thirsty! I love an extra dirty tanqueray martini. Is in Livonia. Let's do this. seriously though....which one of you is going to take me hahah.... You'll get variant covers, posters, and buttons. Been walking around the mall all day no she bailed- typical The Summer Need to hurry up.Im a be Out Happy Monday! I hope everyone had an incredible weekend. AY all u Sick hip-hop beat maker im doin a new mixtape hmu with beat if yo skills are relly UP!!!!!! Feeling completely blah. I hate that feeling. :( any plan to add the show from earlier this month to the archives so I can watch it again? Welcome Courtenay to the family! RT : Very excited to welcome to the team today! that bitch got fuckin caked today Ha I got my kiss in the rain (; ": breaking out the reds tomorrow"I gotta bring the camera then. Only the strong survive! Some people just can't keep up...Do you have what it takes to transform your body and your life? you know the theory that a person can drink only so much milk until they puke it up? That's how I feel about research in the LIS field. Class in the AM for me. :( So I will have to wait. oh. That's a very nice neighborhood. No junkies and white trash like you get in hampden. next time look for one of our Electric Cab's downtown Austin. #kids Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team: Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team Saturday, May 19, 2012 at... I hope you know what you have Blunts, tequila, kiddie pool, a parked lowrider bumping reggaeton, and everybody wearing wife beaters. That's summer as fuck. Q: Did you follow NY's Fall Fashion Week last week? What runway styles do you like? we out here tryna function have to read paper, but dubious of statements such as "Cockroaches do not like to be left alone" when referring to eating poop! #IThankGod for giving me strength when I was at my weakest ! Got a Japanese exam tomorrow! Wish me luck! We've just joined Twitter. We'll be tweeting tips, answering ?'s, sharing innovative roofing news & supporting the #ABQ community. Saved yet another customer's data by having hourly #ShadowProtect backups in place via a #BDR. Awesome product & software. #Lobos - so sad.... Almost could've had it there. :( artist of the month on thinknscience.com please go check it out would love to hear some feed back!!!! Spread the word! #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition is coming soon. This will be a premier exhibit at theNat that you won’t want to miss!... Amazing performance tonight, loved it! Good luck! Playing Universal today.... Blues Brothers ....fun in the sun.... for sure! get the guac. Zombie killing right off the bat! Yes! That's how I like it! #ThankGodItsFITzee! Make sure your grocery stock up happens today- shop from 2pm to 6pm and buy 3 meals- you'll get an extra meal #free! Watchin # the voice is hard tonite for the judges.... Tweet me a number and a question and I'll tell you which boy(z) you look good with! <U+0001F60A><U+2764> tomorrow I shall embark on a quest to find money to bring you to my Catholic university. I'm tired of being its only foe. Team lakers!!! But Jeremy Lin is a beast! I don't get locked profiles either. Always felt like it's slammed door or "listen to me but I can't be bothered to hear u" don't forget to make that pick in our pick 'em league! #magiccity RT : i95 South Bound Miami!!! --its where its at--!!! 11: 11 *close eyes makes wish! #aam2011 #aam2011virtually Didactic! Take a shot! Thanks, sounds like you enjoyed. Cool; would love to hear more about that process! :) I'll go with child of the 70s/80s, when handwriting died during the great computer rebellion. Suns game with the family :) I wish I could be considered as a musician for #ArtBasel ..guess first step would be to learn to play!!! Salute My Nigga!!! oh. man. that is the nicest excuse for pancakes! RT what to wear, what to wear?! Yes, always a great combo. :) For some reason, I was in the mood for chocolate and a martini for dinner. He might be perfect... But I've said that before. I loved Diana's! “: Are they not awesome?” “: The #CHURCH is a hospital for sinners, not a hotel for saints.” “: Can see 'Dre Miller playing into his 50s? Got "Old Man Game" down to a science. Game is built on craftiness, not athleticism.” TY TY to everyone that is in this discussion Let's not let the volume of the argument overpower the issue. First televised #Brewers game of the year! #herewego! I laugh when someone says I never have time for them. Lol no, I just dont want to hang out. I resemble that remark (but not in LHE) Stop. I'll just plug your nose & put it in your mouth so you have to breath in.. OK? ok. it don't take 2hrs to cook some porkchops hurry up mom I'm hungry ! ! ! What I found disturbing was notion that one should take only courses one finds valuable. Any degree program will have ... Will the Monumental Marathon be your first Marathon? Will you be running your first Half Marathon? Tweet and let us know! speak softly and carry a big stick "theodore roosevelt" That was awesome! it's retarded. Morning in Cañon City meeting volunteers, putting up signs, and on the radio. Now on to Salida. Why so many miles? Have a great day or evening, where ever in the world you may be. Early morning meetings, wish us luck. Have a good one everybody! Good god... When your printer isnt working and you have to print a whole bunch of crap for school! I'll beat you to it. RT I want to punch Reggie Miller in the teeth yo Haha I never noticed it til now he really cant bro Thanks so much! I called three cabs to come get me first here wins!!! Party rockin! I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food. Fair warning: probably going to be obnoxiously live tweeting dog and caffeine being the backbone of the setup :) Just switched out a plastic container for a cute multicolored basket that holds my clutches just as well! Let's go #Pacers, Good v. Evil right here. Milf city at target right now Could see severe storms tonight here in New England. Pete's busy tracking it. Latest at 5:30 on A older guy who's bio said he's a plumber just followed me.... why do old people always follow me?! I block them anyways -___- Please take the time to like my page if you find it interesting and informative. Thanks! My nite just got better. WAY better. RT : I will be live tweeting the #Oscars!!! my brother gets to have all the fun over break. #notcool #bored!! Come on in for $2 Railbender Drafts, John's homemade Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, and more. Live music after 8:30. Bring your guitar. Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points! I feel ya! seriously! Is there a reason for the #purpletie? Seen them on too! Put it in the books, 8-0, ‘if u hate them ur jealous of them!’ no i just hate them We are proud to announce that Desert BMW of Henderson & Las Vegas were awarded with the prestigious BMW Center of Excellence! 99.9% Of My Brain Contains Victoria Justice Stuff ... The Rest is, Oh Wait, Still <3 where at??! laying around in need of sex its a grocery store Gamecast is now awarding 8 hits for every actual hit lol nothing u Workin another all nighter! Cant stop this grind! Jason stathom is a beast so.... i like pedobear :D Merchnow ? o: I'm pretty sure they ship all over. Watching 'Raging Bull' Robert DeNiro is such a f*cking badass. How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online I love your tweets RT Imagine you were flowing with energy and confidence, free of doubt and fear. Shawn Phillips. Aww thank u! RT : I am hoping you and all the other "mom's" have a great day. Some deserve it more than others.” Toasting the memory of Dr. Arra Garab, Yeats scholar and truly insightful cat. Sorry to learn of his passing. Cheers. CLIPPERS STILL HAVE LIFE. Getting ready for 's release party! Who's going? :) I was mad the #hangoutlineup wasn't up yet I said I wasn't going to go. Now that I've seen it & really really wanna go! Girl I love, girl I love you FAVORITE NEW MALE VOCALIST > FAVORITE NEW DUO OR BAND > FAVORITE NEW FEMALE VOCALIST > Just Woke Up! Welp Guess I'll Jump On Some 2k Love seeing a Wellstone! bumpersticker on a car at daycare. Let's be friends! Allergies killin me I feel like crap! Tried the "morning mix up" from Disappointing. Is overly sweet and bland a mix these days? At the eye dr. Hopefully my visits will be ending soon Follow me n I'll follow u bck(= Ah im crying floor seats concert It's here....this #gossipgirl inspired..better be good Can't stop editing, this movie is going to be so much fun! Think it's too late ta worry bout RT Do you think rose city building should have been demolished for parking lot or preserved? Marcum is done take him out come on RR Who's Sasha Grey? I'm married, guys. (yes, btw) i dunno why but you like unfollowed me. did i do something wrong? D: Watching in The Hammer...great movie kids/music/work. We drop a new mixtape 5/29/12 called Commencement. We been workin really hard on this one ! Agreed! RT : Just saw that group walking down Wisco Ave. Looking good. When should I start living as if I am a great person? Do it now? Today I find out if I got this job or not. :) Oh rly how old are you ? Carrying a thick literature book and a simi thick history book.. lol then take yo ass to walmart then...random halllin it's because i miss you lol New topic - EM-5 no IS for non m43 lenses in video mode. :-( EPIC, EPIC, EPIC fail by City. EPIC. I'm sorry you're mad. It's just because I'm better than you, isn't it? I've partied in Puebla before. I would see your set there than im my hometown of Las Vegas any day! When I heard the news this am of Brian Dawkins retirement from football my heart was saddened to see him go the main reason I was an eagle sweet, maybe I'll see you when I get in. What bay are you in? I was @ game last night. He was lights out. He had just hit a big three when he got hurt. 75% could work too. 65 is too low. Anyone up for lunch after this time slot? sent it to your inbox let's save water? So, justin, can I take a shower with you? *kidding* Follow me pls *_* San Diego Zoo today!! Yay - never been! :) Sounds interesting. I might just have to give it a Twhirl! Ha, sorry, I Just couldn't avoid the pun! Dear knight in shining armor, No thanks, I'll go with the guy in combat boots with dog tags. Sincerely, my Marine is my hero. If seeds hold, you'd play those teams later anyway and only get home ice in the 1st round. They matter but they're not everything RT Needs to stop being such a fatass and start a diet/exercise plan. Fuck Yay! Exactly, 1 day at a time! Congrats on loss so far! You're doing it! RT : thank you. Weigh in today-lost 13 so far,slow&steady! Just tipped off in Greensboro, Tech on the board first with a Gani Lawal free throw. The birds,the bees,the flowers and the trees..... God made them for us to enjoy.....appreciate them all.... I kind of want to go to the funeral..but I wont be able to bear it.. Hey... If you come to Minnesota, me and will take you to the Mall of America. (; #Boyfriend is bomb. <3JustinBieber Thanks for the RT, Patrick! Best of luck in all your commitments. Not really in the best of moods right now and Idk why but I'm a hit my nigga Al since he just got home from Tome Praying for better days for me and my family. We really could benefit from better lifestyles. I worry about my fam so much... Blah ppl txt me can you do an imagine about me and vinny,mikey,or nick any boy is fine yep, that's my place # 1, but I instruct #scuba diving so much that I don't dive on days off. Love it at the library! Thank you for reading and sharing! Following now! My last two gifts came in today...and they are completely bad-ass. Thanks to for making this happen! Ruby Jo's first easter = success. My gift of measuring spoons, best ever. Everyone knows babies like things that aren't really toys! is on Jimmy Fallon tonight. The excitement! Just talked with an 82 year old man about the state of the world. Slightly terrifying, but mostly very interesting. Why didn't the win w/ Orton? Yes!! Guess we'll have to catch it online later. Thanks Jill! We have lots of Boobie events coming up and would love to have you join us! Fanny packs, and the idea that they could somehow be considered "cool," is why I want to give hipsters a smack upside the head. Texting > sleeping. I'm finally happy again. My mind has not been in a good state today... I couldnt even focus on the court...? Ha! You can't hide an AK-47 in a bikini. Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside #GBar!!! Don't miss out... well said! There aren't shortcuts love the quote I certainly will! I'm so good! How are you? I love your tweets, btw. They make me giggle with joy! dance. dance like no ones gonna put it on you tube. #TNI Plane leaving from LAX. Next stop, New York :-) *cough* *cough* ...i dunno, still feeling a little under the weather... hm picking the winner who already has an iPad in the picture...rude. Oh well, excited for Opening Day! He's picked an immigration policy then? :) : Love you so much you singing is the bestt! well, my cats did once knock a knife off the counter and it almost hit me! Exposing kids to various musical styles helps them appreciate our differences as well as the things we all have in common. Annie win please! The man is amazing! Closing the encore with "I Got Mine" These guys owned it BREAKING: Procter & Gamble to move the headquarters of its global beauty products unit to Singapore from Cincinnati (sucks to be in #OHIO) I’m compiling a list of Everything Awesome. List everything you consider awesome with the hashtag #awesome without repeating. My impatience is INSATIABLE If they had only consulted us… early gets get the apple! I fucking hate you Consider me done with you this season. Thanks! :) RT : What a great massage! Shouts out to Now lunchtime before studytime. Lol It's otay. You can redeem yourself (: Is it Opening Day yet?? Left field remains intact:) you could never upset me(: Your too perfectâ¤ I thought memphis had this game you so sexy please follow us <3 -Melanie Napping in the late afternoon is a bad idea. That is the Austin I remember from way-back-when, the one I missed for years & years!! #10ThingsIWantToBuy a time machine thanks for the follow! Supposed to be doing booktalks for the homeschoolers next Friday... have not even thought about it yet. LMAO this is too trippy and hilarious...so hilarious They did this in high school as a fundraiser. but isn't that "social?" Making sure everyone else is privy to everything that you do and think? UGH. Triple play! We are young so lets set the world on fire we can go brighter than the sun i pray everyday to get tall smh still aint workin And then bike to better block!! " : It's Bike to Work day today. Be aware and share the road. #Bike2WorkOK” We knew the rental market is the worst ever, at 2% vacancy rates in Madison, but 25 craigslist responses in 3 hours to a sublet post! Wow. See what happens when you rebound? You get on a fastbreak Tris...we miss you. Hope you are having a blast!!!!! I leave for Nashville in 3 weeks. I'll work spring training starting march 2nd in maryvale, then work the season at Nashville. I LOVE #SaySomething ! ITS AMAZING!<333 love that! Questions that don't require prior knowledge, but get to key themes of exhibition. TY. I needed advice like that this morning Happy Friday! My pleasure! Congrats on 2K!!!! “: u tell me mr hollywood” there u go I been hiten u up u turned yo back on. Me homie..... :-() I only like one song Life is the train- not the train station. ..I know its gonna be FIRE tonight!!!..ha! No justice it seems like right when I wanna go to bed my family turns into an episode of jerry springer trailor park edition stfu go to bed. Rt!! Absolutely. I grew up watching him on the "Pyramid" Game Show. :-( Continuing our growth and looking to fill an e-Learning project manager position in Cleveland, Ohio. Email me if interested at dan… Is Pucci a Maltese? totally agree they did an amazing job last night Has anyone ever been as nasty as Halladay was today? Would have taken a miracle to get a hit off him Road to Bonnaroo competition is always fierce in Nashville! are my favs tonight Welcome to N. County San Diego and the newest member of the Am so finally separated from ex after 2.75 years. Yes, I said years. is counting on Radiolab to counteract the brain cell erosion from my gift-scription to OK Magazine. Delusional? I wanna go to brazil one day RT : Hurry and get over with the day. I want to go to !!! ": The 1s that tried 2ruin your dreams are in 4a rude awakening!(Acts2:17) If u think u can ruin my dream... KEEP DREAMING!" Yaaay, you and Eddie Munster finally got to meet face to face. but i want to hang out with you, even if you turn out to be a bunch a hunks Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise My new fav song by thanx to his new interview with is operator tehe yea i kno im perverted shit happens Thanks for the suggestions! I hate twitter. Built my own. The shopping cart coop was free (made by architecture students) but really kinda shite. Quoting "Wheatgrass tastes like someone cut the grass in my mouth!" Glad ur feeling better!!! TY!!! RT Back on after a few wks under weather. Looking forward to your launch & excited for you!!! : D Oh really? Would you be able to email me your experience? rudie[dot]obias[at]gmail[dot]com You should hold out for Battlefield 3!! ": Is that Gears of War 3 video game any good? Just seen the commercial" - see now you're just gonna make me late for work. When I read the story about the guy who fathered 30 children, it made me glad abortion is being criminalized so we all have to pay for them. RT : Still not too late to buy tickets to this Friday's fundraising benefit at Carriage House Violins!... Pro tip: if there's an open notepad on your computer filled w/entire day's-worth of work, save it before your computer restarts for updates. 11 Days in to the new year What are your resolutions and how is your progress? three followers?! your popular ;) Thanks to a wonderful for the homemade chicken noodle soup! When tiana is talking about sex >> lmfaoo. oh girl!! What happened lol Dark chocolate, but not white, can improve cholesterol and blood sugar, experts find. expects #Bourbon sales to continue heading north and is planning to invest in infrastructure to support growth. that color? tikitkitkitkitki i just cant stand it I know:) Cant believe They actually killed KLAUS but I think he is still alive cuz he is unkillable and he too hotto die : ) she lives so far tho!! Like in Eastlake Chula Vista. but it was a fun weekend <33 ok. I was confused. :-) Warren Miller is 2moro nite at the Schnitz. If u have tix 2 the show, check under ur seat. U could score a tix 2 the this weekend. “: There's been nothing playing in my house or iPod this week except The Band, btw. Just the way it is. #RIPLevon” Ditto. Sometimes wen u have a boyfriend or husband + acts strange + slaps u 4 no reason they would mean they are hiding one side of them u nevernew Im saying though RT : its half time and Bron Bron only has 6pts??? we can't be MVP like that!! Can't wait to talk to my boyfriend on the phone :') oh that stinks SAT word of the day: perfidious (adj.) disloyal, unfaithful we're having fun too. Made it to Falls Church & englewood, nj. i hope so, the NFL did come to their sensus too Our own Nancy Marshall is one of the celebrity bartenders at The next CAM Connect at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak on Jan 28 from 5:30-8:00 pm Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. RT : The “K” in Kmart stands for Kresge, as in the chain’s founder, Sebastian S. Kresge. I don't want to get up early after a long night at work...Man I could use a beer or something a little stronger That is so not going to happen. In Georgia. (: people are somethin else. actin like you don't care then go n talk shit about it when I'm not around. still felt that way last week even though I have seen it 50 times. That last burst of violence at the end is so realistic I'm a butterfly murder! I just see all these butterflies crashing into my windshield and DYING. <U+0001F614> Man U v Chelsea live in High Def on Espn 2 this morning! 7:45am eastern. Can't wait! p.s can't wait to see what you're doing with your 'shop' and your DIY ideas :) you're perfect for that! you guise. i think i got it. give me a minute, songs take time to write (cinematographer) used a Cannon T2i DSLR in the making of Glad I started bj raji today Wow that is really an interesting video. And amazing! There's always room for you at Hotel Scaddan Robinson, just say the word! Comes free with mad kitty. And beers. Mens best successes come after their disappointments. Kind of in love with your booth <3 Blessed with yet another day. Proverbs 14:23. Deaf, dumb and blind. "Money on my mind" Defensive b/c "journalists" complicit in helping turn the story from liberty to contraception. Got it... Thanks guys... Productivity down to zero as I peruse the thinkgeek catalog... >8-] I can't make it out tonight so I'm goin to make it up to you tomorrow in the form of hot Italian beef for lunch. I drive, my treat! Just heard a potential 4-team NCAA football playoff may happen 2014. Do you like the idea of a playoff format for NCAA football? can we please get a Lin put da team on his back video? You're welcome! :0) Youre such a bully... RT : Feeling bad that is suffering through snow and cold weather in Denver....hahaha!!!! nice, same here nice to know. I don't think I see the interface you see, but I love that you're noticing these things now. psssh. Who uses MySpace any more? Seriously D?!?! Looks like #TebowTime has to start before the 4th quarter... Q: Why is it good that accordionists have a half-ounce more brains than horses?A: So they don't disgrace themselves in parades. There is a server in 's empire that has put my browser in a JS-induced haze, stalling it. The server's name is "ganja." How fitting. Follow Me :o) If I lived in LA, I would go out of my way to make Jeff and Jenni my friends. I love them. Busy week this week! Regular Biweekly meeting tonight @ 7:30. Finishing up planning for Mitch Altman/6 month anniversary party this Saturday New delicious item: beer cheese sauce, hand made by Zac! Get our hand cut fries smothered in it for just $5.59. i miss you too :( Hey NYPL! Fellow librarian on hold waiting to ask specifically to about electronic database access - got a better number I can call? Thanks for the mention! Happy #WW! Thanks to all the peanut farmers!!! It's Colin Powell about to speak at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting! Your clothes would look nice on my bedroom floor. (; Morning something to wake up to. b a humble person u will have many admirers. Last night i saw u in my dreams, now i cant wait to go to sleep. Travis will join fellow barista Lindsey Kiser in the semi-finals tomorrow! Whoop whoop! if i knew niall personally.. omg, id fuckin jump off a cliff everytime he spoke to me because hes so freaking cute. so I would have to pay for tickets and the tattoo? Does everyone have an allergy action plan in writing? Do you give copies to everyone who is left alone with your allergic child? when he came in that Monday y'all left, he thought it had a slow leak. It looked fine today, just wanted to let him know good morning The joys of living with a significant other will never end. “: My cousin and my friend were my dates tonight!! Love them soo much!!! <U+2764><U+2764>” #FunTimes #Happy25! ...toodles to you bitches...and if you dolled up I got the voodoo for you bitches.... #RIPDemizaDirectioner you will be dearly missed. :( STOP BULLYING!! Why did the spotted pigs run away? They thought the traveling salesman told the farmer to put his name on the dotted swine. YES. Red velvet cupcakes in the break room! Happy Valentines day everybody! kid?! lol wat is he? 18?! lol!! ill just inject poisonus syrum into him...so u can have his ENTIRE body! lol thanks for the tweet. Hope you had a great time. I'm always looking to meet new people with beautiful cats or who get excited about strikes and shutdowns Food trucks and froyo for lunch followed by selling stuff and more food trucks for dinner? Today is okay! Today is the day of St. Sylvester, Pope of Rome on the new calendar and of St. Ignatius the God-bearer on the old. Read their full lives . . Up playin tryna get like you can NOT go home! Ugh I'm on the edge of my seat! No joke, I do take this into consideration RT never want to take PTO on Fridays, cause it's BAGEL Friday! will be at tonight 10pm, Friday midnight and Saturday 10pm! fun at embroidery class at the library today. 9-12 year old girls liked it too! Love program planning since I get to pick stuff I want I've never done a bar crawl. I'd probably pass out after the 3rd bar got it! Have a good day. I hope there is a show coming up soon! Hey Orange...it's a noon start. can't wait to see your students video, we'll make one but it will take some time, going on spring break soon. Just joking. What is the worst thing you were told you did the next day but don't remember, ? adskpfowakoprfpwpowajropwaoprjwaoprfjaopwfkoakwrwarpwakokfopwapoktrpeakpokwaorkwrwarpkwap im the happiest :||||| My unofficial transcript is all messed up. It says I'm a MIS major. Unless I never actually graduated! In New York too? RT : Earthquake at #HWS! Everyone's okay. You deserve more than the world today and every day Momma! Why'd you show up in an old tshirt i love? Why you gotta tell me I'm looking good? Why you wanna make me keep wanting you? Sounds good! Thanks for attending, make sure that you're at the 2nd annual! is your station looking for interns, I am looking to do an internship for my next semester. The 11 undrafted people: Fred Jackson, Welker, Vonta Leach, James Harrison, Arian Foster, Romo, Cruz, Jason Peters, L Fletcher, Kuhn, Penn Who is ready to say Happy Birthday to Pure Nightclub with me tonight #Tuesday! Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful. - Nietzsche #schoolmemories i shoved my friend in a classroom full of 9th graders and they all were lookin at her like wtf hahahahaa Tell her to cheer loud! #beatthewave RT : Bringing my mama to her first ever Comets game tonight! remember i'll always be there, with a napkin, when you spew milk out your nose I pretty much re-gained an interest in foursquare in the past few weeks. I had not used it in months except through Instagram. Thanks for reading our article! If you'd like us to review your product, let me know! HEY HEY HEY TODAY IS DERBY DAY COME ON IN LADIES !!! WE HAVE DRESSES, TOPS , ROMPERS 4443 CANERUN ROAD My crazy is being fed. Oh. No. Yeahh, im pretty sure i could've been talking about anyone but YOU assumed i was talking about you. If more people who believed in #ufo sightings or even if those who are just curious, raised their voices the slightest, we'd have answers. "Distribution decisions are just as important as content decisions in building and serving an audience." Thanks for the #FF! :) I only picked up a large coffee today. The xtra large I got yesterday was huge! And it did not stay hot long enough. When you move the world moves follow me?:) LUV YA! no sweat! I like being able to tweet. You do need to change your egg, though. Made In India Jaguar Sports Car Coming In 2013 I can't help it sumtimes I flirt without even noing got a number from a cute ass business man n a suite Our God is greater, Our God is stronger, God you are higher than any others <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> with skepticism in some quarters.) Excited to start shooting ABC Family's #BabyDaddy next week! ...Babies, a live audience & a CRAZY girl fight?! Can't wait! :D Bought my pre-sale tickets. No way in Hell I got meet and greet. Ah well. Maybe next time. :) RT : “ The Avenging Angel Returns. Don’t miss the season premiere of #Dexter tonight at 9PM only on ” just trying to better myself and stay focused no problem. Thanks! i hadn't; thanks! hopefully it inspires more positions elsewhere! I want a pig :( There's nothing to do in this class, so I'm guessing it's free day! :D oh my lord! When was this?! Sixers up at half. Bring it to Boston. Teaching is being both a role model and a mentor to someone who may have neither at home, and may not be looking for either. More stuff for the EP!! Actually a lot more Right now, my new Galaxy Note... ;-) ": Deep Twitter question of the day: What is real happiness worth to you?" we love you <3 can't wait for ur #billboard performance <3 I'm sure its gonna be awesome like the others :) Im starting an online petition to bring back the show "Yo Mamma". The world needs more Wilmer Valda..valder that guy from that 70s show. Everyone be safe in the rain! Have a beautiful day! What a day for basketball! Two 15 seeds upset #2 seeds, and the Kings stomp all over the Celtics?! 20 Best Marketing, Social Media Blogs www.forbes.com/2010/01/14/social-media-twitter-marketing-forbes-woman-entrepreneurs-best-blogs.html awe ok didn't think so morning. c: if I started this thing the night before...it would never be finished. This project was awful... Have fun girls!! Say hi to the boys from me :) xx : Club Paradise Concert tonight w Seriously in need of a new last name for 2nd book EMPIRE (MC was Haven Grey) but that won't work bc of "50 Shades." Any ideas? The Tigers are on the board first, but no worries. In CC We Trust Im really sorry babe. But i PROMISE after this 2 weeks, we'll talk kayos. Don't be sad babe, I LOVE YOU! x FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone =) * I always pegged Simpson as a Titanic & Celine Dion fan. ! Beauty of a night for a panini on the water w/Billy's tomatoes, arugula and snap pea salad! Mark 3/3/2011 for Fresh's next social media conference in Seattle at CenturyLink Events Center with an incredible line-up & a VIP keynote! Yes. I believe there are aliens in my house. THEY MAKE SOUNDS OKAY I wish I woulda gone with you guys instead! Like I hadn't seen this friend in years so I went with her and it was bad Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men Awesome, thank you so much for the recommendations! Morning folks! miss & love you to pieces... how is life in the world of the amazing mr wilson? <3 I've never been to the Special Olympics but I imagine they're just like watching Eli Manning host Lately I've had an issue of trying to keep track of too many things. Too many blogs, too many twitterers, etc. Time to do some cleaning. Must be a soccer coach thing...jk. Perhaps a result of coaches zeroing in on camps and exposure circuits to find players. From now on I'm going to try and be less of an asshole. So I would appreciate it if everyone stopped being so stupid. Caprese salad, pasta & cabernet from Bossa Nova. Perfect Monday. I'm just seriously counting down the hours till tomorrow!! did happen to sid in a way.Lost for an entire year. And Staal this season. Our coach didn't throw hissy fit after just so happy:D Thanks! Yeah we arent celebrating till sun cause they leave at 4.. Hope you have a Merry Christmas! the box office to pick up tickets is located outside of the festival? problem solved, thanks stranger! & also, wtf Apple, replacement powercords are $79 ?!? & mine was only a year old. not cool. i was excited to meet your bro and when ur dad said i could and ditched me...it made me cry like alot I love a matcha green tea latte in the morning! I love the old adage, "What doesn't kill you won't hurt you!" Always remember that persistence and perseverance pays off in the long run! #messagetomyhaters without your hate, the #smashbrothers wouldn't have made it this far so thank you! let's go get some frozen yogurt #IfWereWereTogetherRightnow, we'd so be cuddling. You know how I am about rain being cuddle weather lol My 5 year old daughter just fell in love with a 67 camaro with dual exhaust. Her eyes twinkled and she was drooling. I thought it was Fulton Street Sessions with a higher budget. #AlmostAlwaysTrue When someone says "no", it means "no", not "ask again". Coworker blasts Sade & then leaves the facility. F that guy. Happy Sunday Funday! Plans? Someone's messing with my hair in the night. Waking up 2 bigger & bigger hair. This morning couldn't find my face. Makes it hard 2 write. E-Mails The Feds Say Show Texas Lawmakers Trying To #LimitVoting Power Of Hispanics? Then maybe Hispanics shld Is it baited or bated breath? I've seen both. Working on changes for a client's site...I hope he likes it!! Spend a couple hrs pouring wine & another couple drinking it for FREE. www.cantonwinefestival.com Click "volunteer" to sign up. Agree Or Disagree .... The Quiet Ones Are Usually The Freakiest ? You slinging bean today? The Norton Bros. might be passing through. unfortunately I think so. Or there's prob some way to rip the DVD and un-region it? It was the one moment I didn't believe. Hi My Fans How are You? XoxoSelena <U+2665> Y is it that10 hotdogs come in a single pack and 8 hotdog buns a single pack.....sum1 need to count again. Say person, what's your trip? Your @ was on one of my twitts from someone with a brain. I did not seek you out. Improve yourself when you see a girl you dont really like reblog something of niall .......HELL NAW BITCH BACK THE FUQ AWAY FROM MY MAN . its on . Last Day of #winterbreak a.k.a. Last Day of "Falling Asleep At 2AM; Waking Up at 2PM; Napping at 6PM, Waking / Wii Bowling & Wine at 12AM." What are your "cannot live without" Photoshop actions? We two open tables and one check you email The Civil Wars are scary good. The Barnum and Bailey Circus train just went by my coffee shop. So cool! #nw the curious case of benjamin button. is sensational in this film. That's what I read! Lol. that awk moment when you lose v nasty at the zoo and find her raping an elephant... #interest #no? My apologies for delays in website updates. Things are finally starting to get under control here! Oh, and Grossman received a concussion. is my favorite person I've never met Wishing my beautiful parents a Happy 38th Anniversary!!!!! They have blessed my life & their love is so strong that it lights up a room! haha drankin enjoying the summer yay what about you ??? why is it so hard to collect money from companies these days! tired of the rat race. god help us all! you all are rockstars! #20ThingsAboutMe 14. I have a cat whose older than my son, her name is Stinker!! My tweets have not been classy So excited to go to Hot-Lanta this weekend! Really need to get away. Working on some music As more and more business owners realize how powerful twitter really is, they'll be eager to jump on board Cats vs Cocks time! Cats by 25 tonight. Lamb returns with bombs. Lls yea the 30% u add to it!!! - dailies of the film look great! I'll try to send you some raw footage soon! is ready and excited for softball tonight. Yaaaaaay! :) #oomf and his good ass PROTECTED tweets . Gave up sodas now if I can just stop hittn the pipe. Crack is a helluva drug n my Rick James bitch voice Research the Right Product: A low price on a lousy product is no bargain. A player just bought me a shot! It was delicious because it was paid for with friendship (and someone else's money) today is evaluation day. Key word value. Do you have any? haha I miss you too booboo <U+0001F625>at least it's nice outside!! I guess "curiosity" will always look misspelt. Initially turned off by its title (which: rude), My Cat From Hell is a sheer delight. Look what you've done It's funny how I called you my best friend then you don't even give a fuck about me. You're lame as fuck. Ima #Asshole it's a part of my personality, it's what I was meant to be! Lil Dusty wants to send a tex message ;) Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected. Im ready to leave If you're an older sister with a little brother you get a fair amount, too. yea! I haven't decided what I'll do for summer yet :/ Begin doing what you want to do now. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand, and melting like a snowflake. Marie Ray “: S/o to and #GoodBar Was Niice”- Yeah it was! Nex week it's me n u homey. thanks to you! I'm too delusional to tweet past 10 My prayers go out to the family & friends of Chuck Brown & Donna Summer I guess its not going to rain. Indian food. Can't wait :) Ikr! lol , Im always laughing in every single one of those interviews with her XD He's Such a Flirt! The UK basketball team better be underground. At least God is a Cats's fan. They should be fine. Has anyone else noticed a nose piercing escalation as of late? I missed you in Pdx. I was on time with pencils. Wrong day. That's the problem with people like me (friends of cartoonists). Passion, family, justice, values, believing in making a difference: few of many drivers that led to rising EDs in philanthropy thanks! i need to retweet some of the pirate jokes coming our way… Business Cards - $29 || 100 Copies, Single-Sided, Full Color || www.Actor-Store.com - C'mon you mighty Reds! Play the toffees for a laugh and leave them feeling blue! yes loved those. Anything neon too. Ugh it looked awful. Happy Friday! =D I have never felt this way about anyone before. <3. I wish he would just decide. THE LONG NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER. I HAVE FOUND MY OLYMPUS BATTERY CHARGER. #imiss wen i could run ta my granny fa errything i wanted..den my lil demon spawn baby cuzin came along..ugh lol do you love to sew? do you love kids? I have the perfect job opening for you. Getting everything together, so keep an eye out. It's EG's birthday! Give him the best present: get involved in his campaign for LA Mayor. Go to the meet and greet Tuesday night you should have said "it's just a guess anyway, why do you think we're always disappointed..." Snow in #Denver in #may what the hell you're a funny dude. also on Millionaire match maker atm let's do it!! ,some1 needz to call a hospital or somtin cause ive got a bad case of vinny virus lol:) Each and every 1 of us can make changes in the way we live our lives and become part of the solution [to climate change]- Al Gore We are putting our 15 year-old cat to sleep this morning. I'm heartbroken. She's had a very good life. Here's to Monkey! I love you! The Mavs' Delonte West got mad at Gordon Hayward in OT last night, so he did what any rational person would do: gave him a "Wet Willy." We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money Another OT? Not cool. Please RT: I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB! It's a chance to take a small, group-discussion based class! thanks man, hoping to see you soon now that we're at least in the same coast of the same country :) . given our line of work, it's hard to equate garbage to prosperity. But I can dig it! So this entire Ryan Braun controversy was about a hairpiece? I swear I want my closet to be full of red bottoms when I get my house! Hey Austin! How has your day been? Dang calling my phone like yo man over here girl stop! !!! where you at? i was trying to find a different article but that one at least pointed out the 10% difference between practice and game ft% Aww, thanks. :) Were you a fan of the Riot Grrrl Online website when it was up and running? Just ordered some sweet ultimate frisbees I meant Bob, of course. nice job! happy mother's day to every single mother out there. I love you and admire the work it takes to do what you do! One of The New Yorker Casino Night Tips -Be sure to provide special prizes for the best, funniest or cheesiest act! Eating the same food, just in different places is kinda like eating together. Right ?? Hey nephew! Saw you in Atl @ philips arena, YOU ROCKED! Guess that's why people use the phrase .. "no ones perfect! Mistakes made my passion a business .. mistakes make or break thanks for following this account :) #Gamedevs, social games needs mobile play - says wireless subscriptions hit 327.6M (U.S.) & surpasses U.S. population.... part boxer or full boxer??? At the 4th on Flagler. We love fireworks on the water Is #Thystlewicke the next #Hogwarts? Great series for readers of all ages. Things Target Field needs: rowdier fans, who don't clap *only* when the video board tells them to. I know you had an awesome time chic!!! Lol. That amazing not awkward moment when Jamie says he's gonna put on an 'inappropriate' song, and then he's dancing. Where does the money come from to fund #FishSecretSound? Yes rain rain till we flood half the city thankfully im uphill lol Sad I will be missing the mentoring Summer Networking event, but happy I will be in Chicago for 2011. “: what do you call someone who complains about other people posting pics of their food, then posts pics of their own food?” those 10 gallon blue water jugs are about $5 or so....worthwhile investment lost my best guy friend. just randomly he texts me that he doesnt want to be friends. If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten I drove from Woodland Hills to Santa Monica today through Topanga Canyon and then on the PCH today it's sunny here! hehe. Love how you are so cheeky. It's a list quality haha when you find ppl who get u, its all <3, she aint my girl or nothin but we click on the vision! I'm not totally thrilled with the new Shins album. Not as good as the last album or Broken Bells. I'll give few more listens. Robs party tonight in wrigleyville. So pumped. linear instr. results from rationalization of instruction - turning typical into universal I hate when mom doesn't mak us food . That's pretty funny. But, I'll do us all a favor and say no to that one. The hardest part is being solo financed and NOT 21. People want the PYT. Dear lord I am so tired I am referring to MJ lol Not a huge fan of rain when my job consists of being outside a lot <U+2614> are we really have a conversation via twitter right now? cause im kinda diggin it... :) fruit shoot please I'm going to be in NYC between April 1-7! Are you down to show me where to obtain the best cupcakes? there's going to be a Grown Ups 2! This day cannot get any better! Omw to the gym listening to music, youu? :) you're a good mom Oh! I almost never read the comments. LOL. They're mostly just so argumentative or ignorant. What did they say this time? Can still go to Senegal by proxy by reading my book. :) Where as the 18th or 18th c. controversy was centralized to periodicals or books, the 21st c. discourse is split. in death and destruction! I'll bet. was playing at keva. Sup? hahahahah i love you , i just died! LESS THAN TWO WEEKS TIL ME AND HOST THE BIGGEST BIRTHDAY PARTY TO HIT COLUMBUS EVER! I had the goal of trying to find out who my real friends were..the school year is almost over and I still don't know who they are Hahahahahahaha...hold on, let me catch my brea...hahahahahahaha!!! you two gotta get your work out on right lol Preparing Ripple (and myself) for the Port Townsend Wooden Boat Festival 13. How old r u? Tickets for the Trick 'R Trolley are now SOLD OUT! (Record time! Under 5 minutes!) Thanks for the compliments, Rachel! I'm indirectly stealing them for my own. It's awesome how many #actors are getting ready for the new year with new #headshots! Still a few openings left in December LOS ANGELES!! would you now?!?! remember me lol The Descendants:) Hey Bro, just hit u on the email It's better than that mini monsoon season we just had. ;-} I'm not sure if "lazy" or "awful" more accurately describes that. Emoticons in emails? Yes or no? In other words: :) or >:( (cont.) All Fans of Point Park Baseball are invited to the PEP RALLY to enjoy food, congratulate the team and hear from coaches and admin. I just realized followed me on tumblr........I'm flailing a bit not gonna lie Gotta listen to some meek millz thx! I think we've fixed it but pls let us know if it continues. Appreciate the heads up! Observation from today's PR event: at what point in our lives do most people stop doing things they like to do? I just got out of bed to feed my cat because she was criticizing my facilities management. great morning! I love STP. Saw them open for Chili Peppers a few years back. Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 40 ima gangsta grandpa and I'm proud of it I wish I may, I wish I might, wish away the fat tonight. Doesn't work that way. Oh well…back to celery, carrots, cucumbers & the treadmill! Jamerica Caribbean Restaurant has great Jerk Chicken & Jambalaya. Best part is, order @ www.S2YD.com and we'll deliver it for you!! Everyone that I followed better fucking follow back because I'm ghetto fabluzz~!11! #2PeopleThatBelongTogether me&Zach (; that's not my sis Haha, your back and forth is cracking me up. I'm sure that they are doing it because Tim cook told them they have to if they want to get iPhone 5. ME:I got punched Marina: on purpose;o Me;it was an accedent Marina: you should of made him buy nachos,chips or something since he hit you xD Okay, okay, we got a little traction. I'm rubbing the cotton swab on the #DCPS injection site for some critical pedagogy. is back from minneapolis. is better for the company i kept. Nope, sorry. Laptop hard drive incident. Next year we'll just livestream the whole thing. Al-Jazeera's interviewing the Institute’s Dr. Joseph Sciorra about bocce in NYC. Every Time I Lose 1 I Bounce With 2! me too. #nowplaying Nicole Mitchell - Awakening (on Delmark)... what a great record! Let's get a meme going - #mycarissounreliable I only put in 5 gals of gas at a time I'm the author of the novel April Curran Meets the Vampire of Crimson Cove High School. Whoa slow down fluff lol... how could I forget? why do boys sleep for so long!!?? Go Tim! Hello! I'm good. My sister is doing good as well if you want, you can follow her >>> and her bday is march 28 Hey guys, did you know that New England is out to win the league? All seventeen people at the Revs game just said so. Excellent -- I think that bibliography site was down for a while, or else my bookmark was to an older link. someday... we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun. Either way I need to go to bayshore seriously. #18for me where are u moving? I'm off all next week Haha what more when yer drunk??? That was awesome! I love Canadians! I'm about to I fucking love You know what #GivesYouWings ? TAAAACOOOOO BEE Few cocktails, tequila, Belgian beer and a bite at Yusho. I say that was a Good Friday. Boyfriend shows a whole dif side of and im liking it #boyfriendreveiw <33 #Followme? 16U Houston Hoops defeat Howard Pulley White 62-39 Gwinn is brutal. Does anyone like him? Why is he still here? so happy i found the yellow pants of my dreams in rome and can return all these wannabes Your a slut? I have 5 boyfriends.. Get on my level. Wine is the only happy part of my day today. If you think education is expensive, try ignorance. Tied at 50 with 8 min to go... In semi final Is it weird that I actually like workin now? I'm loving #FooFighters and #Deadmau5 set! Finished recording webinar. Everyone follow our cutest favorite bartender Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.~ Jose Ortega y Gasset My triceps are so weak from working out, I can barely hold a pepper shaker. Haha. This is gonna suck for a couple weeks. Thanks for the compliment, Nancy! Anytime I'm mentioned in the same sentence with Stanley, it makes me happy. go to bed! Big day tomorrow. We get to wear jeans!!! Lol :) well, friend is mad bcuz i made a joke. thats dumb. whatever. gonna get an industrial piercing:D Well everyone, it was a fantastic 2009 holiday! Be sure to keep an eye out for us Christmas 2010!! cool me 2! Wat school do u go 2? Solid. Just Solid. re: Silver Spring ... unfortunately no. You have to get closer to DC. Sorry. Depends on the Texas weather!! One day iced, next day maybe hot! Love you!! I'll take anything at this point, the mute button is prob the best choice. ActorStuff: Please never post on any social network that your scene partner is stealing your laughs. Bad, bad, bad form. juss talk to him (: stop being shy >.< haha Usually the most time people think about having a #safe is when its too late...help me secure your funds! We canmake it work somehow android sucks! RT Dave and buster hopefully.. sound fun I may try to make that happen too Uh... RT : RT :UpToDate has wonderful info for pts--I use it constantly! working on an insane east v west coast hip hop battle w/ Hot97 and Power106 during SXSW. Would love to send you more info! Follow Friday and , cool colleagues in twitterland #ThingsIwantTheMost To Meet The Crew<U+0001F614> I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority. I'm so tired of this. let's get it! Monday - it was packed this week by like, 7:10 btw. So much fun. hahaha where are you? ? I think I'm going to unfollow my sister Im glad my wife is going 4 R.N nurse cna is hardwork R.N. is all good. Im going 2 support my Wife & help her 2 be a R.N. I live life for Good Weed , Good Days , Good Nights N Good Head !!!!! Texting my Bestfriend and some more folks , hmu ?(: I've only waited 15 years for this poster. If they are gone b4 I get to the front of line... Well let's pray they aren't. My big Brah just KILLED it at the Irvine Improv. My stomach hurts! U will emerge a stronger warrior crowd was great in section 9. Seemed real loud overall, don't think they wanted to see another loss O A BIG SUNDAY DINNER LOLL Let's go #Orioles :) I'm watchin a movie I'll be over after at like 1 okay? Weds always seems to sneak up on me. Then I get my hopes up for Fri, but then Sat & Sun disappear on me. It's too much for my system! Lunch today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut. So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol RT My wife and I love ! Enjoy! LOVE the #Beatbox commercial! So funny! Brody said my name for the first time<3(: Why?? Do u hate math for me its so easyy :/ Tell me something I don't know! Sore today, but also feeling great. Joined the fiance in a group class at his martial arts school and did some grappling. :-) Nothing better on a Thursday than to watch Palmer, Player and Nicklaus tee it off at For sure, we're all about a positivity! Selling #HatsForHope! Check them out on our website :-) kinect ~ your body ~ and your tweets as one ~~ It had to be amazing. I'll try for the next Va rally within 50 miles of DC... Show at tremont music hall start at 8 !!! Come out and support Charlotte!!!! Five in a row! Looks like we r in-store for another beautiful day. Hope u can get outside & enjoy it! Seems like a Cherry Limeade day @ Sonic Gray day blues. Remedy - gray day dog from you might try asking about the Morrison's west-bound status. I believe it's their bailiwick. COD in 3 hours....be there you look stunning! :] love you :* long time no talk :( how are you beautiful? :) Thanks for the follow, Lesley. Have a super afternoon. Um sir, you need to visit...And SOON! Bifurcating your Twitter experience? Good idea. Congrats on all of y'all's progress of late! Hey white liar...the truth comes out a little at a time - <U+2764> The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being "Unlimited Plan...no disputes about calls not connecting or dropped calls or any other reason to call customer service." Thanks for "watching" our footage. ;) Woohoo! Congrats to my partners & colleagues at MT : Our community is AMAZING! $11,200,053 for #arts in the Cincinnati region. u r welcome honey ! And thx <U+263A> River of Debris Pours into Hotel Cafe A construction crew working next door to Le Parker Meridien hotel broke through a wall Wednesday, s I'll be presenting Silere MedTech at the NYC Landmark Venture Forum—Investing for Cures at the Grand Central Hyatt in NYC on November 9th. lol this guy here ---> “: Bron my boy. Wade his boy” I beat that pussy like no other bitch don't even lie lots of news at 10 tonight, chief responds to brutality controversy, body found in s.side home, and Braun could be called to testify. I'll look for him next time I'm there. The damn english get everywhere! Reminiscing on old class playlists and found a cardio one with "Breakin" on it! Think I will play it in tonight's class! the internet is so fukin slow! I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend. I'm watching it now. Smh. Talk about a shootout, I love it. Gonna help the sister and her band with some writing tonight! Yep! it's the same challenge Man VS Food took on! I made it official now my favorite movie has to be war horse or 21 jump street or new years eve I love these movies :) Haha, we"ll see. I don't have very good luck. learning about trythedream! what it dew ju follow back Is it dorky to walk up to someone and say I printed your book or I follow you on Twitter? It feels dorky. Sympathy for the Devil & : awesome intro here for These broke niggas make me sick throw up BREAKING DAWN PART 1 AS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! IT HAS THE BEST ENDING!! CANT WAIT 2 C PART 2! NOVEMBER 16, 2012! Who the hell in the world is #ShyGlizzy ??? #ihearttomdennisspeaches Watch out for the squirrel “: RT #ihearttomdennis don't you? #amasummit” RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help? firm I'm trying to get my buff bag well on sir !!!!! So scoop a nigga up like kat litter Why does the boy I love is so moody and rude ? Not fair. showing frequent mobile tasks from www.nngroup.com at no no thank you for being a member , happy you love it! and one of these days, we'll have you come in and dj- Class in 5 hours but I don't care because I'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories.. is it weird i dont want to end my screenplay cause i dont want to say goodbye to my characters? Misery loves company! I'm slogging through until the 14th. Nice! That is something I would love to see. In the words of , if #ParksAndRec is cancelled I'm gonna have to "approach a bitch." Ted Nugent thanks the Secret Service. They're the only people that wanted to interview him in 35 years. don't know if he'll be able to get more than $360k per week he's allegedly making now... lmao I have done that!! Love on Top fits theme but not mood, I guess... the past 3 posts on FB sum it up.... thanks gang... I knew there was a reason I had #journey stuck in my head. "Anyway you want it" It's #HalfPriceFriday!! Come play with us for only $4!! yeah, I'm down. I bet Daniels down too, elevation tokes or what? Haha. haha shutupp! they should have done it to yall too! Average training for even large amounts of weight loss shouldnt need to snack during a workout. But fluids are very important! i miss austin already:( it's working. new beats <U+0001F60F> You need to visit me sometime. We haven't seen/talk to each other in so long! I dislike being sick because then I can't workout. If I do, my sickness get's worse. #damnyougerms (binges on nyquil) “Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.” -Confucius PJ Harvey - On Battleship Hill is definitely my jam for today. BDSM, basketball and Greys..so that's how you feel tonight TL? Nigh nigh <U+E003> I have nothing to contribute. yes, thank you Luke!": thk u! RT : RT : BIG THANKS to & for shooting with me. Can anyone even stick out their tongue like that?...I can't. Great workout again! Back on the race track very soon! I still love pee wee's big adventure, but I never noticed until tonight that he's kind of a jerk. yea so fun so much 2 tell u Thank you for the follow ;) RT : Designing and building some awesome stuff for this weekend! Who's going??? I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter. Life goal. Ground control to Major Tom... Time to start thinking of ideas for halloween costumes I can bike in great event! We loved sponsoring Thank you. some people just dont change. THANKS FOR THE ff Obviously a rough Boston night? RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies. Happy Friday everyone. Today is going to reach 72 degrees here in Atlanta and I'm lovin' it! Yeeehaaa and it reminds me of Hakuna Matata. Ha-koo-na ma-TA-TA is working on about 60 new webinars for the next year. wow! i hate how i always have to take a shit, right when im ready to begin making a print. One more to go, peeps, just got a massage and am ready to roll for my 4p #CFYoga! Breathe in breathe out and stretch it out!! Has anyone ever gone through "the Alpha course"? Interested in your opinions and experience. #FF These Ladies I Love a repeat of last weekend I love it when you eat it <U+E402> going to the movies tonight :) soul surfer "An EYE for an EYE, a TOOTH for a TOOTH." -Revenge. People that write essays on Yelp ... WHY?!?!?! Let's welcome to the Twitterverse. Here 5 days & already has 1,700 followers. And Desmond, keep any Thunder talk to yourself. I need to live in NZ for a lot of good reasons, I think. The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. Toasted Coconut Donut + Caramel Coffee = Happy Angelique! Thanks ! Do any famous people ever follow you back?? Make money money Shopper in LA Wal-Mart last night pepper-spraying other shoppers who were getting deals she wanted... Lol! An idiot among idiots... would love to! but i'm out of town, but I'll b on the lookout for the next! keep up the good work! On a party bus on the way to Temecula! Drinking a delicious White Burgundy to quench my thirst in the meantime! Fashions fade, style is eternal. ~Yves Saint-Laurent YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!!!<U+2665> I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to? thanks, we'll look into that! At home hanging with my cuzo's..... FB add Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright.....find me. aren't those honor flights amazing? My grandpa loved his trip. Can only imagine how much it means to the veterans! In Atlanta...realizing how vegetarian friendly Seattle is. I didn't. Hahaa we just wanted to know when he got out. Just bought my tix for Milwaukee! Crossing an item off my bucket list with this show! PARTY. When Girls Call Each Other 'Baby Girl' <<< Idk Why It Just Annoys The Shit Out Of Me lol I once had 15 total bases once in a Little League game once, so I know how hard that feat is to accomplish. Bouta play saints row 2 ... Now you see how bored I am !!!<U+0001F52B><U+0001F52B><U+0001F52B> Free speech, no SOPA. #NCLC12 kicking off today. We're getting ready to visit DC-area schools' #Chinese #language programs. Hey so "A Little Bit More" is going to be on MTV's #REALWORLD tonight, vocals and all. So be sure to check that out at 10pm EST. RT Thanks! Hey we pop champagne cause we got that dough! my sweatpants are perf!!! I'm sure the wrist injury didn't help his eFG this year. I <U+2665> minimalism. This guy must really be good. I keep hearing about him. Kids keep styling their freaking hair like him. '80s After-party tonight for #igniteraleigh at ?!? You know you wanna see my '80s prom dress!!! a bit more: it's a personal network for making decisions about where to spend time, money, energy, mindshare, effort... 4 performances of TAPE left (Thurs -Sat). Don't miss this amazing play by Stephen Belber. Get tix at www.tapenyc.com Happiness:Something that we decide ourselves.There r alot of reasons 2 b unhappy,but we choose 2 b happy because it makes us feel alive! Mike Milbury called the rangers the 'blueshits' on live tv. I'm going to Syracuse Today is one of those days where I feel like my heart has been steamrollered but life goes on doesn't? Here's hoping tom is better... gotta be a sign! And they doubt STEELERS are America's Team! HERE WE GO!!! luv ya Troy. So I 90 is closed. on the westbound side. due to an avalanche. But its I wait here nicely .... I'm gonna making to Seattle tonight baby!!!! Every time they say "Whitney Houston," take a shot. #toosoon? Oh man, don't tell me you're an iPhone guy? Bo! heh. well, maybe 12 years :P I'm sure he let's you know in other ways too. Haha. Me, jealous??? No, I don't want cuddles with Travis!! Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011 Can't wait til Saturday! <U+0001F60D><U+263A> Of course I am! You obviously haven't read my tweets first. But that's behind us now. Ha ha ha SMG is owned by Brian Schultz. Garden of bones. Just being awesome, you know, the usual.. JK I'm a loser (: You? Homie talking shit, finna peel back his muffin top ! This week was supposed to be horrible, now it's shaping up to be one of the best this year Hey! Miss you. Apparently, according to Twitter, I'm like you. What a compliment. Hope to see you again some day soon. Hit me up. of course!!!! I'll inbox it to u :) If you leave me without a reason, don't come back with an excuse. its hard to please everybody so ima just worry about pleasing me (now im talkin about you) since you always think im talkin about you lol API presentation went very well. Can't wait to launch! OMG JUST STOP. YOUR SPAMMING MY INTERACTIONS. Thanks! You too! Guy: SUCK IT! Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard. hey man knock on wood, in a month or so #hth2012 Alford: now up to talk about the US Civil War Wouldn't that start to get stale after 4 years or so? Saw your short "Plastered," freaking hilarious! Best film at the Alameda festival hands down (or up). You can't stop progress. Episode One, Season Four. #SATC halfway through, not including the two movies. I wonder if she even suspects she's crazy. you're sick.... You can now follow Emily G from KISS! here- I absolutely want to come flying with you guys! Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+0001F49C> Are you testing us, Rick Rac? What do I get for winning- i'll share it with ! "Rectangles with rounded corners are everywhere!" I once ate frozen lettuce and it was really gross! - RT ice everything! thanks SO much for the RT love!!! xoxox Do you have any photos you can send us to use on WGN?? THANKS! #GiveObamaCreditfor... conserative Hastag Games. He'll take the credit for it anyhow. From LI, NJ to Brooklyn, they are still the Nets, they don't matter in NY. Same garbage DNA as the Jets and Mets. thanks girl (: he paid me in blessings and condolences ha hahahahahhahahahahaha what song m jealous wish i was going somewhere glad you're doing better. :) do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you? Ah it's good to wake up to myself in morning. You mean because there is no such thing as a holiday weekend for writers? We're always working! I wonder how many of the conditions we asked for we'll get in the QCOM approval! I believe we wanted around 1,000. Give or take. either that is very deep, or maybe you should cut your losses and whip up some crepes. Bon Appetit. my speakers were going hammer with your music. First time listening to it. I'm down with #RxM movement right, your sentence was 'not clear' Gosh darn it, purple. Why are you so hard to work with?! Every morning coffee puts me in the best mood...but goes down hill from there al day For the record, I'm still walking bow-legged. How am I gaining weight when I weigh 110 pounds lol god one Have mercy and compassion for animals..Unite and Change the Lifestyle..Vegan is the way to be!!!! Krispy Creme on the way to school , now I'm in a good mood [: i would love to audio battle someone..Track for Track and go 15 Rounds (15 Songs per Artist) A cool new wok goes to ! (Thanks for donating!) Where's the partay at?! online video stream of Lugar ed board isn't working ... que pasa? No snooze mercy! The day doesn't wait for you. You must take it. FARO Focus3D vs. Leica HDS6200 side-by-side comparison today. Any specific questions/concerns? Email them to Arena Football League Attendance Needs Some Help: Fan Opinion Great. An interview with Mark Kotsay. Couldn't line up David Freese, ? #1OfMyFlaws i tend to keep stuff in 2 more hours until we premiere our viral video!! Check back at 8 PM :-) Why can't I log into my account? Ophthalmologists urged to be alert for signs of child abuse Glad you are cheery! See you soon! Thanks much, good sir. Hope all's well with you... Venue has been BOOKED!! More details to come. Stay Tuned. :):) Dancing and singing to Adina Howard's "Freak Like Me" is truly entertaining both boys. I was going to order Chinese tonight, but I evolved and am just going to make some pasta instead. Who came up with the idea of librarys being so quiet shhhh I don't want her to know i'm getting older... but I do require birthday sex very hot I love how websites do that! I find it funny when I'm looking on a British page and I are things spelled differently. Idk why. Haha That last tweet was dedicated to Kimye and Co. My next novel: "You're Not Married - So what!" Unions are by no means perfect, but they have done a lot for this country. was she wearing a club Skye outfit? Or just a random The first Labor Day in the United States was observed on September 5, 1882. Happy Labor Day! thanks for the follow back. Caught the team at Infineon last season. Best of luck in 2012! See you tonight at the Opolis . We start at 10pm . Best of luck to you. It is the greatest city in the world (IMHO). Auditioned for SAG commercial this morning- Booked another SAG National commercial in Chicago, wardrobe tomorrow, shoot Wednesday. Back home!! Hello sun. Looking forward to tomorrow's Leadership Building Signature Drive with Address text 619.633.5184 www.drweber4assembly.com sure. but maybe you know its cousin by a different name? DOING FINE TONIGHT DID LOTS OF CLEANING TODAY SO PRETTY TIRED TONIGHT Going on a walk! "Hey baby, late night?" "I'm going to work, asshole." Every Saturday morning ever. OMG!!! OMG IT'S OFFICIAL!!! I GET MY BRACES OFF IN TWO WEEKS!!!!! XD :) <3<3<3<3 Thanks RT : congratulations ! The movie Strong Men is dedicated to the one in six men who have been sexually abused. Join us in the journey to make this film. J.S. Park is one of my favorite players. He's all over the field. Look out for our lose 12 lbs in 2012 promotion and fun video out next week. but with spf 8 I get to reapply more often,, but again,,to protect,,not cop-a-feel I'll be listening. finally back. 31 hours. Thanks Kyra! With a belief in the great and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, art is always possible. enjoy the ride oh.. first time I've been at #5MinuteFiction in WEEKS! Felt god. Good luck everyone!! You shouldn't. The rejection email has nothing to do with BEA Bloggers. It has to do with BEA Press Pass Applications. Josh Johnson? No problem. Anthony Bass? 2-hit shutout. Thank you! The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often off-base. and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?! Totally ment to call my dad yesterday and today! Awh crap. Ill do it tomorrow. How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live. GOING TO SEE STARKID OH Hahaha! I would be pissed if I am spending $800 a night and get a bathroom in a glass box! So true about #chrisbrown. I was taught to forgive, but he's a #Greys Lexie dying with tears running down her face #so sad should probably start coming home a little earlier Happy Mother's Day! :) please follow em ? :) 6th rounders usually do!! I'm not mad.. just snuggling on the couch with pups and watching a game that is going on forever! What's good wit ya??? I'm live in New York!! Grindville gone be on 106&park for freestyle Friday... She's fine to but I want you RT : If this bird gets us home on time, I'll raise a Jubelale to you #freepostgamebrew [Free, indeed] What's happening of Friday??? Thanks for the RT! Yes Excalibur is quite fun, besides Gabriel, I love Helen Mirren in her earlier roles as well! Thanks for the RT, Rod! Broken promises Thanks for the RTs and mentions , , , , , and ! yea i am song changed Ah I wish a wknd getaway to Eurp were feasible! RT : #TTOT 12 hours ago, the answers were all European places. So diff now. lol he will really teach u tho I don't like you but I want to retweet that uh... Finished with my workout and now going to class than gonna eat than training ! Hope everyone is having a great day! Happy training everyone! Thanks for the #FF tweets! @ yaslani. I know! I just had a French vanilla cafe. Love it! Give up yourself and you will find your real self. Lose your life and you will save it. Got death trapped into shopping with my girlfriend and my mom <U+0001F632><U+0001F52B> #teamfollowback #indy #film ..victim to a mysterious sickness and more. Follow my account for details! This is my first feature film. wyd in DC can stawp being so adorable? i almost hate lookin at your instagram pics should host next year Just saw someone catch the bus at turlington and get off across the street from rawlings. Wow. Epitome of laziness. everyone looks foward to u instead of me June 4th at the White Rabbit Venue, San Antonio, TX!!! Lets make this a good one!!! #Game7 #Laker After Party @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. Hip Hop/Top 40/Reggae Music. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806 save me some lol. Samsung galaxy s2 proves to be the best phone in the range of tablet phone series. It looks stormy in #Indy. Looks like a great night to start up the fire and sip some award-winning wine. If nobody cared what other people thought, we wouldn't have Twitter. OMG, did you just use an exclamation point? DAMN RIGHT. ooh la la! like what??? You were right, Enjoy deals at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121 Shoe shopping with my fiance ugh! Be Bopped all day - teaching + NJPAC - Antrhopology - Now is the Time Vocalese - kids bopped... so is anyone else going to see tonight ? Tally of "Merry Christmas" texts from unrecognized numbers: FIVE RUT Hockey is wishing you a Good Sunday! yea, wet dreaming!!!! lol. J/p Luh ya boo!<U+0001F618> I cannot express in words how much pleasure #applecider brings into my life. :) Lol thought 's sentence was funny so I borrowed The First Friday Juerga starts in a few hours! See you at Solo Flamenco! It's one of them nights <U+0001F625> oh yes, i fully support that decision! We look a little cray cray! ;) ": Feet are gross. I don't even wanna touch my own." hell yea I am ! is an imposter I drive a Subaru & enjoy camping! We need to talk... (except I'm not leaving my current planner :-) ) That was a bogus way to start my morning. /: baby, gimme all your time :) Happy release day ! sure do make some damn fine records! THE REAL DEAL, YO. At least Pennsylvania renumbered the Turnpike to be mile-based. Makes me nostalgic for ol' Exit 28. Me and have this little "thing" going on(: Im "pretending" like Im just a fan, and he's "pretending" to not know I exist. ;) <U+2665> Waving back!! :) Its a beautiful thing! Did you already have that charm? I don't think promoting keeping birds in cages is very #earthday friendly... i am lol in mine they are rebranded: "braising greens." I always have the same problem! I got some partial result!! and I have 2days left Looking forward to reading & craft discussion at UNLV tomorrow. #1111 make a wish make a wish and say I hope you would RT this :)))) <3 we don't even remember why we're fighting... I hate driving my mom's car <U+2639> lol I be on the same shit can't believe season three filming is over!!! HubSpot ultimately became the best solution to practicing inbound marketing and tracking its effectiveness Done :) : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28-June 2...Let's meet up cause I miss ... beer in his hand on all three pictures,funny as hell Oh! & a bag of treats when he didn't bite! lol He caught on quick. He had pulled all of his feathers when I got him. =( "manny and baby boo, strollahd through the great big department store" Our writers can write articles for any niche. We only need your Titles and Keywords Thought and should be on Pizza Hut, lol (: Keep fuel cost down by maintaining your vehicle's fuel system. We offer a variety of services to keep your vehicle fuel efficient. think you have to be a teenage girl to like #thehungergames? SO SOON!! Woosah... -Patty Chung this morning's lightbox art pit community listenage: alternating herb alpert and karl zero When I'm talking to somebody & its lowkey getting serious , I want to make sure if the only one they're talking to is me . Getting ready to watch the new Footloose with kids and the Mrs. I have this annoying cough does airborne medicine really help? Is it just me, or does Tony LaRussa always look like he needs to take a huge dump? Haha ! RT : Hey I just got some cool sunglasses! Maybe I can guest at Pechanga since I'm flier official! Sometimes life can suck a big dick. A way to get into stores. Have a cart with some items. Put a recall sign on it. Few businesses will ask you to leave. Its gonna be a long day... might be jumping to conclusions early, but its doubtful Jack Trudeau told Ron Zook to let IU jump to a 10-0 lead love love love this one Not only is this line of rain coming through #Austin pretty heavy but surprisingly cold for this time of year. I am never, what was I thinking again. Dam memory. RT Really good presentation by from #GitHub at ! Love the service man he reads his interviews and seen all his movies lmfao he's just like me omg And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst... Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking I love doing redesigns. Taking someone else's crappy design and making it awesome is so much fun! Exciting cowrite with the sister! Using mobile twitter now! left field bleachers. Section 235 Row 16 I CAN'T FUCKING BREATHE GUYS I'M SERIOUS OMFGGGGGGGGGGG bo RT : and the acct is already gone!!! Getting spammed on is one of the more annoying things in life. I'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow <3 It's that day again kids! #AztecMotto on blast getting ready for the game. Hope you're ready for a whoopin' Broncos! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I guess that means that I have a cousin that plays Harvard baseball Apple bees with , , & twitterless I love when ppl think they have haters, when in reality it's just ppl who don't give a fuck if u stop breathing...... we are a store in New York City! Check out kmcamera.com What gender do you associate with numbers 0-10? 0 and 1 are easy. But 5? Via Listen to my internet Live Talk Show every Tuesday from 10am-11am Pacific time! go to: www.drrosie.com and click on "Listen Live." Ready for warm weather and things that bloom. It is too overbearing sometimes. Youssou N'Dour at the Kennedy Center tonight, for free! I love living in Washington, DC AMEN TO THAT You've gone so far already<3 All mahomies are so proud <3 Thursday = 1/2 off Wine Bottles All Night!! Next big thing: video game called "Mass Affect," where we all log into XBox Live & share our feelings in a virtual outer space. 1: Minimum number of times per day I get frustrated that gmail keyboard shortcuts don't work in Outlook. @ the Library: Saturday Librarian! Hopefully today will be better than yesterday's train wreck of a day. MISS YOU !! The soil they walked upon was choked with the pulverized matter fallenfrom the cloud Has now entered the period of travel weariness where he is willing to endure marriott courtyard marketing spiels in exchange for access ... does anybody know of shows we might be able to play? RT : I hate that as much as I love the Sam Jackson one.//She irritates me to no end. Nice! Would love to hear what you think about it and see some footage! That episode of SNL was akin to poop. At the end of the day maybe you did more to help Zapf win than anyone else... no worries ;) I'm headed back to SF. Hope to keep in touch tho and pls let me know what u think of my music for ur show! HE DID EACH THING AS IF HE HAD DONE NOTHING ELSE... Smiles..DNICOLE I agree,Jr.was always such a class person,truly an ex.of what an nfl superstar always should be.this sucks Never, never, never quit. Winston Churchill I guess girls with big thick-rimmed glasses are cool now. I did that merry Christmas to you too! As an FYI, all charges were later dropped by police Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. Since I'm out of town tomorrow, taco Tuesday has been moved to taco Monday until further notice. #ShoutOutToGuysThat Will ask out girls with game <3, not a text... Proud of you... Have fun! :) This nigga still got the mind set that I'm in highschool wtf why did I come home for the summer -_- Mobile Security and Application Ecosystems in Flux... thank you! I don't know. We'll have to find out I guess. I hope I don't have to watch Tim Teabag “:You'll bring your cup as red is eliminated from the Cup. See what I did there?” hate what you did there, but appreciate it too. Weekend is almost here!! Get to watch some girls beat each other lol!! After 2 months & 2 hours on the phone I have finally received a credit from on an erroneous charge, w/ no help from either Saw an awesome Groucho Marx skit by Gregory Allan Bock at the piano bar Don't Tell Mamma last night! He was amazing! Everyone go see him! No, but if people do it today I will tomorrow. These next two were admission tweets from my time with Let me know when. I have a cool digital recorder and even colder beer waiting! Who goin to ibiza tonight?.. I am!!! sent you an email. all good. thanks for asking #writers, what are some of your #favoritewords? I want to know! my problem is you sir. is the happiness coming out you like lava? ": #Penelope: you humped Mikey because you love him :) lmao" lmfao omg yolo ~ Hahaha i know! I think i waited it out for almost two years :/ No! I love Philly P, but no. And Randy says that every week about something, lol. I'm certain that living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween. I get that it's only the NIT, but you have to be excited for next year after this run. PROSECUTION: Def bound victim's wife, laid in wait for victim, fired four shots at him. Three shots missed, fourth his the victim in abdomen "DEFENSE" Double Check!! yea dbags & dickheads start from a young age sadly ruins it for people with brains & manners where's the golf blog now? I miss it "That's high school makin me chase u round for months. Have an affair, act like an adult for once." He ain't the one. I got replies about the cable. Just wanted to make sure it wasn't only me. My internet is Frontier, so no problems there. Looks like Famous Daves for dinner. me too. Were u singing Zombie in ur head while watching? I was. Haha :D Is ready to do nothing this weekend but relax! (and work on her video) Im so lucky to have friends that are there for me when im down. Oh wait, I don't! Haha. Heading to Los Angeles to attend "Dances with Films" festival- "SCALENE", Sat, June 4, 9:30pm. Starring Margo Martindale, I play ex-husband Kids should sit in their assigned seats. Period. just come knock on my door when you get here. if you're not in by the time i leave, i'll put it in your mail box! I like your microfilm machines better than Mugar's. holy crap! i could meet you downtown after the ballet. or now-ish? just got home from work, but happy to put pants on again. Wow CNN Breaking News - Steve Jobs, the co-founder of Apple, has died, according to the company. He was 56. um u can't be talkin about me. RT : Tragedy: (Almost) no one will experience the joy of watching the Apple Tablet announcement ON an Apple Tablet. I see absolutely nothing wrong with that Give me one more follower and I'll follow one more person....I hate uneven numbers. Sounds silly but I'm dead serious. yeah I can't wait to write letters :D and that's an awesome saying just like Worry about tomorrow just enough to be moving toward your goals. Worry about how much effort you put in today for everything you do! o thats incredible- i will def start working on it- is it possible to have him send me the lyrics- if not thats fine- i'm fine. just tired of riding in a car. Candle lovers you gotta see these! Hottet new thing in candles! 6 days left to be a part of CONSUMERS. After that, you're just a consumer. Would you watch if I was in it? And have you taken a practice test yet? Let me know if you need anything while studying. BLACK is beautiful Do I win anything for matching one number on my mega millions ticket? Ha. The Constitution which is the highest law in the US defines blacks as 3/5th of a human. Is it a surprise that they kill us with impunity? Goodnight kisses>>> <U+0001F618><U+0001F60A> Finally got a fire going. Haha (: If 1 out of every 4 churches would help someone #adopt 1 child from #fostercare there would be NO MORE #foster kids waiting to be adopted hahah #dang son! 's Laura Faer on AB 2145: We need data to 'determine what works and does not work' on school discipline they corrected it to right ankle like that helps Good Luck! Luv the avi very cute! aw I kinda wanna witness this storm yall are talking about but everything is all peaceful nice and warm here finally! found the CRM I have been looking for. Thanks Looking forward to #VSAE luncheon today. See you there! I never take mine as I'd probably lose it. You're asking old, tired dogs to learn new tricks without the promise of snausages. • Uh-oh, will there be potty problems? My chihuahua has a sensitive digestive tract... Dude Mohawk dry as hell Pour beer perfect Ketchup = salsa - veggies. If little E questions your math, send him to me. Happy weekend! If it's 1/2 full it's 2x as big as it needs to be. Mine crashes as well. Apple's solution? Uninstall MS products. The inner geek in me is freaking out... HARRY POTTER WORLD My dad invited his friend over to watch the matrix how is your running? Grrr, awesome day for a #run! I really dislike being sick and having a well now I'm confused too. Are you sick and tired of living from check to check? Are you tired of robbing Peter to pay Paul or not being able to pay at all? At... They sometimes tell me they can't toast it if they just cooked it so I change my order but now they don't say anything FYI: They are planting new trees as part of a new tree project around campus. Filner says it takes the whole community and after school programs to keep kids from the temptation of drugs. RT : Field of dreams never gets old. Neither does Sand Lot... RT : Well at least we didn't get as much snow as boston! At the dealership selling cars. Stop by and say hi! casual weekend- sounds like the perfect spot to take your pack we need to come up with a clever nickname for monta and bj3. go to sleep drunk, wake up fucked up! Women&#39;s Bond Club Honors Carla Harris of Morgan Stanley and Kay Koplovitz, Founder, USA Network It's only 15-13 at half?? What's goin on lol why didnt i take the train today??? Christian Beadles is possibly one of the funniest people ever. hello I have the,incredible 2, how do I get the camcorder to pause while recordin? My son likes to make commericals, lol #JACOBJEWELS are ready for that new music when is it comin I've just got an extra ticket anyone want to join us? Have a wonderful day, everyone. Oh awkwards conversations in the bathroom Always wondering what today would be like if he'd never died Thank you God for a Sky Tonight That Is Kentucky Blue! Ppl bring all these other issues into it. I don't. I'm a pragmatist - USE A CONDOM! Cheap, easy to use, directions included... Happy Belated Birthday from Jacklyn, Nichole, Sam, Stormy & I! We wanted to be the last ones to tell you not the first. (;< #SignsAPersonCantCook - Nothing in the Kitchen or refrigerator or they use the Oven as place to keep clothes "Do you do improv?" "Yeah...how'd you know?" "You have a mustache." “Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldn’t suit me” Hockey time. Lets go FLYERS haha!! xD It kinda sucks...but I'm still happy for them :) Consolidating some media to the storage drives before getting ready to do some new workflow tests do I know you lol Lol oh goodness. TRYNA FRONT ON MY SWAG.....KNOCK IT OFF!! I'm sick of all this snow shit can't wait till spring.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM If You LOVE Her, You Should Put Her FIRSt ! I'm tearing myself away from that Dakota Fanning Brittney Murphy movie and tuning in There were two blue s at the car wash in my office bldg. One was mine. Was the other one yours? My boss congratulations success by busting a rhyme. I am going to play latest rhyme on speaker. Bout to get these dreads twisted and braided...so shawty show me how that neck feel and then how the rest feel... These people on Snapped is straight CRAY! They divorce their spouse and kill em' too! Just walk away... move on... Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you. Streaming at the stadium to hear songs from all of the acts playing at #BuzzBeachBall2012 this year! If you are coming to #wawomenwant tonight at Wing Luke Museum - parking is available for special event rate of $2 at 900 South King St. sounds scarier It kindaa bugs me but, whatever though \(-.-)/ that is not true...he never said that...he said he's be willing to compare his admin achvmt vs those of four pres TRAFFIC: EB Hwy 14 @ Cleveland Rd (near Cross Plains) - a truck lost a load of metal the size of a storage shed - lane blockage Well Chris Brown is more popular and sells many more CDs Yea u no I need a super freak "There are no facts, only interpretations."- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) We'll see you on the mat again tomorrow, yogis. Craving a great PB&J sandwich? They're free today 11-2 at the cart in NW Portland. was it about swagbucks cause then I got one too These will be mine someday...someday. is the perfect #speaker for your #conference! Jullien Gordon is all about helping people live doing what they love. Finally recovering and getting out of bed after last night's final farewell celebration at Enough said. I feel like I haven't been on here in forever My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 1 Jill, will I see you at the summit this week? So I sit here and wonder is it possible to find love on twitter, because i keep reading about all these people that are doing it The groundhog saw his shadow but theres no way were having 6 more weeks of this "winter". What winter? please "LIKE" my facebook page! www.facebook.com/gstatus763 please call our south main store at 901-922-5549. Thank you so much! OGHS Women notch first victory! Seeing the Hunger Games for the second time this weekend. haha :) you are one of those cool chicks! ok lol......we need to show these young cats how to do it lol "This Boy" John wrote this & it is simple but very clever. It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangemen Hello, Dulles. It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again. Here's hoping I'm not here too long... Melodies and my studio>> Things I can't wait for this summer; golf, whiffleball, the beach, the Gus, road trips, sports, gambling Cut it out lol. RT : *stands on chair* but I'm a Leo and I do!!!!!! *sigh* I'm never enough for you =( Good times! How is your evening? Big Sur, come back. Just watched the #BOYFRIENDvideo uhm... I just had an orgasim from looking at the tv LOL but anyways LOL is out tommarow! Emma Stone just dunked on Ben Stiller again!! Streetlight Manifesto cures all. Weights done. 4 miles ran. Need to shower and get to work. Friday is starting slow. Yeah, them! LOL Totes understandable. RT It's my dream to make Rahm mad. And to do things w/ him that may tarnish journalistic objectivity. I'm tryng real hard. Building a biz IS hard & expected. If U like my prdct frm events 2 wall decor, any hlp wi new fllwers wud B magnifique! Totally just blew my husbands mind by singing along and air guitaring master of reality in its entirety. I have literally spent the entire day editing projects, and I'm not done yet. I don't know whether to be proud or depressed. money may not buy happiness, but it sure makes misery much easier to live with Dam bugs I have problems too, y'know! xD LOLOL Wow New Castle is still unbeaten this season. Stress Reliever..Pay your electric bill in pennies That ball woulda been in center field if Yuni was still playing SS lol To whoever keeps dumping sugar all over the coffee machine: y? When you order a shirt from & they tell you they ran out of Smalls so you have to wait even longer. Removed from dvr.. Such a shame. hey soul sister what an amazing start to Raw ! Falls count match is awesome !! We'd like to intro a Brent Corrigan line. Please call me. 4 months later n I'm still on the mixtape #NeverDidPlay. Keep up the hard work. Happy Birthday Girl :) Going to be launching a film campaign very soon stay tuned for details!! am convinced that Nets/Magic/Dwight have some kinda deal in place for a trade in June Hint For Finding A Vet For Your Canine « In Service International Second meeting of the year... Currently listening to Vice Provost Damon Williams speak about diversity on campus. I wonder if the guy I like gets jealous because I talk about so much :) hehe Happy valentines day....... new profile pic right there Haha lets chat! when you have subss all week & no homework.. Chile-crusted prime rib tacos w blk bean & corn salsa w cilantro-lime sour cream. Served w roasted tomato rice pilaf $17.95 ( The 12 right "It may have been Helen's face that launched 1000 ships, but it was Homer's poems that launched 1000 academic debates" P. de Souza (1999) 21 Like god intended all appendages to be neon purple! Ditto! RT I'm going to get so much done toda- oh look, the internet. Hi Seth. We should have them edited and ready within a month. It strikes me as a fear of the conversation that might occur. Not unreasonable, but not sustainable. the hottest guy on the planet! !!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone &hes on youtube Just tore it up opening for Parabelle!!! Had a great time! Met the guys from Next to Nothing!! Check them out...cool ass guys! Slim mm no me van a dejar hacerlo yeah buddy! Yeah I like G better than geek sound too. But i heard the hard g somewhere and doubt crept in. :) You guys are making me feel bad for being bored by Austerlitz when I read it 9 years ago. Maybe I'll try it again. I feel you on that one cuz KATE FREAKING NASH. Private investing seems much safer than the public markets today. We are working on further reducing the risk. Stay tuned. Go Coyotes!! I asked you on March 29th if you thought he would come back and you said "Nope". Glad you were wrong though lol. there's a great ipad app called pear note. you record & your notes are given a timestamp so you just tap the note & skip to the part "Success is the prize for perseverance." - NSD, Barbara Sunden Wow, right over your head... who is this idiot you have on the radio who just said the Rangers Windows is closing as they are getting older?! Reno Open Data hackers, we are preparing a list of preliminary datasets now. They will be released this week, watch the twitters! a website my buddy is trying to start Woo hooo! Thank you! What a blast :) #5DAYS until my bday YEAH BUDDY U never know what u got until its gone... I really need my baby to come back home. so i tried these new jamba juice smoothie packets from costco. unbelievable! just add apple juice. quite a delicious, nutritious snack!!! Hey are you and your parents doing anything later? Text me! josh did amazing, but let's not forget was on base EVERY time. Great job!! Till the death of me I knew you'd get it. Every woman wants a good game of checkers :) im bored Bumping Dre...Ah? Hey u did ya find ur keys? If not check the trash. Hope u find them. Let me know, just because please or I'll worry. So great to see education applications discussed at Its getin coyote ugly up in here, no tyra -rihanna Hey! Been awhile. I hope all is well and good in your life <3 be safe and stop by some time. the timbers "exhale" first half lead; "misplace" 3rd straight You know you picked the wrong hotel when you have to cuddle your laptop to keep warm. Getting pumped for our Feb DubWars! #Love&Light #Spankalicious! Tickets can be purchased at Cincytickets.com! May sell out. Thanks for the info. Unfortunately mine won't be done by Jan 23. Next year. No tea no shade! Love it! I was just vein' sassy w/yah! Waiting to see what Zimmerman being charged with... Nice! I can't wait to try it out. The Google+ page says its currently over capacity, even unactivated invites are on hold. Check out the Fox news story in which SeiferFlatow, PLLC comments regarding the new proposed law regarding unlicensed drivers. Good morning!!! TELL ALL YOUR LOVING MOTHERS I SAID HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BEAUTIFUL!!!:) <3<3<3 We're going to tweet out the student nominations for now... Pls tell me how you get to claim "self-defense," when you pursue someone with a 9mm gun & kill them in cold blood?!!! I am so thankful for my church!! Big League Chew and GI Joes The Soup & Stock Market, AJBombers, Swig and Water Buffalo ... Pick a place, any place! We will deliver to YOU! Where does Dolly Madison fit into this scheme? I guess she's owned by Hostess now so doesn't count I'm gonna fucking cry. New music from the biebs tomorrow! . - Her name is on list because some unknown bureaucrat made a secret decision, based on secret evidence, to put it on list. if u love me u will :) it took all this time to become a believer. Next time trust your best friend It's cool though . Pssst! Reporting from & that Kanye West is in shooting his new video "Theraflu". My boo surprised me by visiting me at school!! Love seeing him! Totally makes my day! I'm jammin out to #ClubLifeMiami before my final exam! Great tracks, Great vibes!! I'm loving Chasing Summers!! Amazing album! <U+0001F603><U+2764> This is why we vibe so well !! I have so much love and respect for you girl!! I appreciate your spirit! omg! Tiring as fuck! I didn't have any water for 3 hours! Emilio's class was hard! But I caught up on it! Jaja's was Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius You Know you're a teacher when... you can't name your own child names that evokes good,bad&ugly memories. « >>> RT : his sweater reads BITCH IM FROM MILAUKEE ! #pantherfest» Wow what a beautiful day :) Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise" :) Congrats on 1.7 million love, you deserve every single one. :* Life is so good. THANK YOU FOR #SaySomethin (: I understand that- I get what you're saying but I've worked in healthcare &far 2many times the bottom line is $ not the patients I miss your old beat up Toyota, the way you used to hold me, us sneaking out, and the way we kissed. Most of all I miss you. Shamrock shuffle was a good time. Now just hanging out with everyone in the city. Can't wait to move back. Thanks for the mention, sir! WOW I just worked out for 3 hours Somehow I don't believe you! ;-D #YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman. “: who is the iPad dev from Bethel?” // That would be the amazing artist, filmmaker, and cool guy: Yes! Dinner on you! :D : Finally got my paycheck!" u a simple minded nigga. Everyone in industry wears it for photoshoots. I was play but didnt kno ur stupid for real yo it was because I was a junior I bet! Thank you(: an me too I mean that's what everybody wants right, for Westbrook to keep shooting? Awesome strategy. Anytime. It was great to get a jump on some NBA Draft talk. Oh Linda, it was a blast! I forget #FF s lately, thank you for yours! the medium is not the message, right? Prison psychiatrist says Loughner has been violent; thrown chairs and spit at atty, so needs anti-pyschotic drugs. Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter. Poor thing still hasn't found out about global warming. Not at all surprised RT not a one! Why do you assume you are anything? ? -Michael Jeffreys Back safe from my daytrips to Muncie and Indy! All that driving sure was worth it :) loved the dueling hoards on 5 decisions away. East coast / west coast!!! happy Friday! :) All I can think of when I say joda-time is that country song "Livin' on Tulsa Time" The only thing we know is, work hard play hard. Looking into the new Facebook timeline pages for businesses. We are creating a easy custom solution. #Chicago bound! See you soon windy city! My airport style: black suede wedges, black leggings, white cotton shirt. Comfy! #Tshirts any color, with a 2 color full front print, starting at just $4.25. We serve DOES A DOLLAH MAKE YOU HOLLAH HONEY BOO BOO? Sue his ass..." The DOJ is threatening to sue Mayor Mike McGinn over allegations that SPD officers regularly use excessive force" that works too. Thats right its 6:04 and im not a sleep yet! im such a rebel! haha:) in Houston? or in Chicago? lol ok guess we got different teams and moves for that night Crush it by All about personal branding. please follow she is you biggest fan!24 Thanks for the heads up! I liked you because you could make me smile. I fell in love with you because you made me want to be a better person. Done with Networking & Security Class. Going to head into the gym to workout. We were there this weekend so I know exactly what you are talking about!! That's where I took the pat down over the xray scan.. But we sure make it seem like were together. Because we don't wanna see eachother with someone else. Apparently the inspiration for the artist was the 1950s beach hotels along FL east coast. Tacky touristy! Brats, hot dogs and chips in the central mall at please! Target's website is down. I'm guessing the Missoni collection is a hit? Looks like I might actually have to go to a real physical store. and today I'm in love again, beautiful! You still got it, never lost it What did one flag say to the other flag? Nothing it just waved. Happy 4th! Anyone have any advice on how to: Paydex score increased did you make a beard out of Andy's old hair? ;) Shoutout to our newest followers! Thanks for supporting women's golf and the USGA. haha! Love it Flamenco at 800 Larkin St, San Francisco 8pm Sat, November 6 Good Morning and Happy Monday. What #Print & #Marketing news are you following today? Start at LG/SML agency? Size doesn't matter. Choose which can teach u. Are they pros? High standards? Culture of great? still 52 pounds Don't feel like grilling? Mad Dog's Eatery has you covered with some of their signature dogs and classic burgers But their title match is all about business and he's not going to hold anything back in the ring. ;) sounds good 2me! All ive got is strawberries tho... Guess we gotta use wat we got til we get2 da store ;) No Green line when Nats r playing? No Blue line when Redskins r playing? Know u have 2 do work, but why cancel& create weekend chaos? I love #Stubble!!! Latenight munches:D haha love it Twitter Karma: Great app to see who follows U only until U follow them. Just unfollowed a bunch of people. stay away from me 4eva and you know who you are .......inbox me to make sure >:( Wait, what? ik it had..and no I didn't go. lemme point to the door for u. oops that was my middle finger Just interviewed vendors at ferry building San Fran for insight into chicago French market scrape the user’s twitter feed to find words with which to augment the dictionary Sweet dreams are made of this <U+0001F3B5> A proposal to see JMC at Hollywood Park! Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 18 Glad to hear the #Rams got since KRod accepted arb. Are all other possible 'big' FA signings are done for the offseason? (ie no A.Rameriez) Undergraduate students, have you registered for your Term 3 course? Head over to the student portal and sign up now! Lol. That sucks though! I hate when I have sleepless nights, I couldn't imagine all the time or at least real often that the west coast is the best coast. Anyone have plans this weekend? We do. SOCCER! Our boys in blue are back home for Cinco de Mayo! Movie Of The Day: "Glory"… ADAVIS = RALPH SAMPSON good pro top pick never dominate in nba, day three of making movies and hearing awesome music wrapped. AND we're doing it again tomorrow! check FB for new pics! Tweeting in the dark. Its the initiation to 666 krew. and broke his nose, this house is a broken home, there's no control he just lets his emotions go! We are getting a new shipment in this week! Get excited for lots of new products for sale! www.dealshow.com your moms in the back ground of the picture I just tweeted with Taylor <U+E412> I love this! Congrats !! MT I won Pulitzer, photo award in BREAKING NEWS photography thax to all friends sending this news :) I can appreciate A starter getting some work in, but not at the expensive of the team. That was an AJ type of outing for Kuroda Don't let the sadness from the past or the fear of the future rob the happiness of the present.. If only it was that easy. lady saw big inno Ayyyyyeeee! Pop bottles! RT : DONE WITH COLLEGE BITCHES!!!!!!!!! . You were the highlight of mine! 's sandwich: close second. Shout out to all the pretty light skin girls who gonna age poorly in a couple of years Finally got the GTR Skyline in underground...yuhhh idk. just wondering... but anyway! It's great that you aren't gonna do it. You had me so scared! Longer Congressional DEMs sit on sidelines, don't get in the fight, more likely they will appear to be reactionary, defensive. Damn do I want short hair?! Hm I miss my bests! Oh boy it's 3pm Time to drag my fat ass out of bed. We This test 2 long in this accounting class hello cousin!how are you dude? I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind. I miss our conversations. Headed home... A well put together outfit is all I need to make me feel better I can't see the moon ... I Always Have To Compromise Watching someone do anything is far more interesting than watching anyone pretending to do something (~ Cry Havoc podcast) Ro gets sentenced today than he begins his journey... Shit crazy... Really gave my nigga life... If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all. ~ Joey Adams a.) i love and will miss helm. b.) shanahan you let detroit, and all decent folks down today. c.) refused tonight. d.) coffee joins us for our weekly #MoneyMonday wakeup: Jobs, corporate earnings, recovery and the Fed..oh my! So close to summer... < 2 weeks till another year of college is in the books for these guys! I feel so fat tonight. i. dont. know. We are free from the law of sin and death. All judgment for our sins were removed at the cross! love the new card... fingers crossed i'll see a little milwaukee love too! We are our own form of The Brady Bunch. All I need are you guys. O, good to know!! You lucky world traveler, you! Happy to get a taste of Italy in the meantime :) stop by Trader Joe's for something healthy after 5Guys The only show I ditched was (sad to say) J Mascis. The Edie Brickell singalong was just too much. Exactly two months until the home opener! Who's coming out? Election time in the Bahamas is the best. Well done iniative: the Republican New Media Caucus () is doing a push to get followers with GOP elected official accts using Ooh baby I like it..its so inticin...don't try to fight it, im'a make you my bitch just found scisscors in my bed The Thunder happen to be my second fav team. Not bcus they beatin my team tho. Durant and Westbrook just sick Check out my new blog post on the Washington/Wells station of the LOOP- Your Chicago Adventure starts here! i thought things were supposed to be less busy in the summer? A taco sounds great for dinner. A Paco's taco sounds even better! ... My vote would be the workout. Aw thanks. Much of my Human Geo section comes from you & What's with all the spring forward kvetching? Spring's on the way, baby, and it's a beautiful day!! Good night! I'm not jelly nd it's not fair that her ass dissed me for him!!! <U+0001F621><U+0001F47F><U+0001F494><U+0001F62D> mayneeee good to hear new shit bro! you coming down next week for the slim show? My California dream is bringing and I on stage. Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be entered into the drawing for a pair of #VIP tickets! haha no sir, it looks like someone took some fireworks to my regular QT spot. I missed Kevin Kelly's presentation. What are the 5 dimensions of a networked book? That feeling you get when you finish a lot of homework When you're dreaming with a broken heart, wakin ups the hardest part. Try Aromatherapy in your home & we guarantee you will feel relief after a long day of work and caring for children. u didn't get the joke, nevermind Getting back to it! Lots of family, lots of fun! Ready for some normalcy again! I'd love to do it (3rd wave experiment replication) w/ my students but it seems Incredibly risky holy smokes, guys! thanks for all the support! (: In 20 hours I will be chester county bound! I can't wait to see my family!! R.I.P. Jim Irwin thanks for the re-tweet. I believe we'll have an effective birth control pill/method for men in the next 5 years. ": ..I believe we have a massive hypo-hydration in US."I wld thnk the opposite? "Sometimes I pee my pants...and it's because you tell the best jokes." BABY COWS? Anyone have any I could photograph? Winner takes it all, loser takes the fall -- over the top. who wants to play Attending project mgt training at #uncc #centercity beautiful facility Tonight's Special: Cajun Shrimp Basket with Fries! for me it's still your old icon… SERIOUSLY... AJ AS AN ANALYST Yours is better! I'm sure It's all shiny and soft. My hair is just dead and fucked. LOL Wow what an irony movie:O well I still love the movie:) <3 #thingsblackfolksargueabout who money taller Save all your kisses up, bring on your sweet love, pour it all over me Updating my resuming, never could imagine that it takes such a long time :) dude you are getting fast. That is some Boston time there. yes please right now! Never got to those long islands... I am preparing to lead a 4 wk discussion on Humility. I need feedback on Characteristics, People, Stories and Videos on Humility. =) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-) At home watching is watching security escorting Liz Carroll's fan from the building. And the countdown begins! Mayock for sure hehe thanks, though I was referring more to the artists I work with :) Thanks for sharing your faves - love the classic BM but meats & cheeses are always a great addition! Huge Mountaineer road win vs S. Fla --who had only lost one at home all year. Peaking now with Big East tourney & NCAA on horizon. You need to know yo stroke number . You need to know yo fuck number . Katt Williams >> I feel like this relationship is going down hill ever since that dumb shit happened :/ same loll agreed! Airtran owes me 10 hours in Vegas! yes I was in the loose as a goose video like <U+0001F483><U+0001F483> Turiaf is balling doe Argh! Anybody know that video clip where it shows how in music performance a 90% isn't good enough? It's a band and they make 1 mistake... thanks hun! Not exactly catching up on sleep yet cuz I've got so much work to do by tmr AM! Do u have whatsapp? I'll fb msg u my # The bible is dependable; it’s reliable, and therefore it is trustworthy. Open it! IT IS USEFUL! Off to do wedding work. Dress alterations, then cake tasting. oh I will young pup Like TLC Waterfalls, I can listen to that anyday haha why people think the ur fish is dead .?? Busy summer ahead of me and I'm stoked stoked stoked. Thank you. Wishing you the best, my friend. is finishing up with the JAZZ FEST and ready for a weekend of ARTS... WE are in pre-production for the series OFFICIALLY!!!!!!! what are you doing tonight? PS I thought I went home last night but just found out I had an entire blackout experience downtown I want to know my real name <U+2665> i just started catching up on it! they just finished downloading!! and also do u watch Once Upon a Time?? The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do. -James Allen This is almost like the time I put my sport bra on backward and it fit!!!! I laugh at myself but worry too!!! shorty as me for a check i tell that bitch like no way Thanks! *cheers* Thanks for following. I'm following you now. Keep tweeting them on Wednesday!!! 37k feet... hoping this plane lands soon. gotta get this day started. They're are no more fish left in the sea. the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time. Somebody always need something all the blame when things aren't going well and none of the credit when they are Word, probably Sat! Few more days of the Legislature- we will be watching the unemployment insurance bill closely. Breckenridge has fresh powder, slopes are open! Dreaming about a winter wonderland...swosh S/O to my big bro , representing the fam back home, ball out in the spring game tonight man. Know u will. Goodluck and God Bless Do you have a little Captian in you? Wednesday<U+2192> $15.50 Captain Morgan Pitchers *Center City SipsSpecials Beginning June 6th! HAPPY HOUR T... yes ma'am, just trying to catch up on it. It's a little bit hilarious. Welcome Adam — The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave. for ingredients! did it in 2000 on my way back from Australia, 2 weeks. Auckland= big city. Milford, nice easy hiking plus boat trips on sound Better to be lucky than good I busted wynn poker mega in 27th. I'm going to Five Guys for some deliciously bad for you comfort food. I would be the same way. It has been a long time since I had kids that young. *sob* I was with and Just chatted w/ Naomi Pomeroy at Fuller's; I'm totally starstruck! And in love! So, Baby Aziz ain't happening? The guy next to me in class smells like straight cigs. Yep I'm for sure leaving class early now -_- And to the person who bought food on to the plane it smells like sick! :-( I heartily agree, thank goodness for we are almost up to date here Just finished breakfast (just juice for me) and now we're getting ready for the first practice of the day i dm'ed you VEGAS!!!!!! Thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? Its live in LV too! get in to our #FloridaCentralTheater this Wednesday to MEET from #AmericanIdol Listen for ALL 5 songs on 2nights That's so cute! Makes me wish I had a flower girl! Q5 We use it instead of beef in spaghetti sauce, chili, burgers, on pizza, in casseroles: possibilities are endless! Need a massage ASAP . Please tell me more about Project Blue America. Dr. Google was silent! lmho lol thatz just like my bff lyric she luvs you so much shed jump off billions of dollars just for your face add me&her pz Digitizing archives: some schools don't even have server space for the archive! You may have to find an outside host. It&#39;s not a Moment, it&#39;s a Movement mixtape vol. 1 coming in august reserve ur copy now! Finally got my site looking a bit better. Who wants to know how the spirits of famous dead people (such as Michael Jackson & Whitney Houston) are doing in the spirit world/Heaven? Colton's mom better get some amazing mothers day present for taking the bullet on that one. Wowza. right outside of Sarasota :) Realized I am a much better friend than most people r2 me .kinda my own fault. Looking at things in a whole new light. I now expect nothing Thought you were the best thing that has happened to me, but that turned out to be wrong. :( Again, what should be a gain of 1 (maybe even a loss), Quizz squirts out to make a 13 yard gain! Slippery little sucker! Cheers to the freakin weekend Focusing on my new business venture this week. Finding people who want to build long term income and get healthy! People are fun! Excited to see all the amazing things you're making in Scandinavia. Thanks for the support! email generally works best with me. //Same here! I think we can do some incredible things. I'll be in LA in June for a few days, I'd like to meet again before then. "I'm not about caring, I'm about winning" - "Suits" season 1 haha, yeah, he was definitely entertaining. It's interesting how much character you can add to your dancing that way REMINDER: attendees under 18 print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com & bring it signed by a parent or guardian OR have them sign you in! unreal. Im praying for u. ESPN...You call the SPURS old yet their avg. age is 28...do your homework before dismissing the winningest team in ALL OF SPORTS since 2000 Naval Open Source INTelligence: Top NATO official defends ... On my Nina Simone vibe today followed!(: are you from Miami?!;o <3 coulrophobia - fear of clowns - not a laughing matter You are selfish and caddy grow up. This test really will be the death of me.... how come? atleast everyone in avon is...Cody Brown Had a dream that me and went to Warped Tour together :') Has anybody on here had experience implementing #RedBean in a production environment? My mom just told me I wasn't physically active.....HAHAH WHAT?!? THANKS FOR THE LOVE BRO A nigga with no teeth that's a good thang , lol ... Larry Bird/Magic Johnson. after a weekend vacation, it's hard to find motivation. to all the polo teams & players jc western has white wranglers and levi's in all sizes in stock. will ship call for more info @ 561-684-7331 Could it be more beautiful out today?! Join us at Franklin Park for some tacos Hair cut, mani, pedi, massage, eyebrows. CHECK. Now dying my hurrrrrr. <U+0001F60C> seeing your mom cry < Mothers day weekend coming up. Are you ready with your plans. you might think that it's a cynical world but there are oasis' of joy all around us. :) it sounds cool! UCLA wins the Pac 12 South, they must beat USC or Oregon to earn a bowl berth abd save Neu's job! - hope I aint gotta work friday or saturday . O_o oh god... That made me so angry, I was glad to see you comment on it haha Dudes working harder on their swag then their music = why most rap sucks these days. I want to go back to Florida Thanks for following, Tym! I saw you off in the distance yesterday, but didn't get a chance to say hi! ~Kenneth Great for #DNation & #runners "You're never too old, never too bad, never too late and never too sick to start from the scratch once again" The gardens and the did a total make over! Have a lot of mythology which I love I'd say yes! Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!! #TeamNoSleep is a TT :) people of my kind! insomnia ftw lmfao (X #gdc #GDC12 selling an all access pass to GDC. For the early bird alumni price. Email mstegman at FAS org #justsoyouknow I love and support Mindless Behavior with all my heart <3! I can go for some right now...you can try it at Much Ado About Brew - details at www.kgoradio.com/beer you do a nice job of twisting my words/comments. Not worth trying to have a "dialogue" with you. Get a grip. Cloning of humans will never be allowed in the US until it is proven to be safe and that is expected to be years from now. follow me plzz Let's celebrate Campaign for #Justice Month! When you renew your bar dues, check off the box to donate to legal services. Blah imma sleep -.- What is the best guide book that you have bought about WDW? One birthday wish: come see me play as a three piece band at the speakeasy this Friday. 7:30-10:30. One night band! Found my groove for today.. :) I may have just shed a tear for the Graphic Design folks :') Best mistake of a university major ever! I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning. Andy Warhol In the dark, in the sticks, waiting for a bus that may never come. Frogs are ribbeting and crickets chirping berserko. RT : "The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall" #NelsonMandela 1998 Im hungry. Can't even believe it Memorial Day weekend. How can it be almost summer!! I haven't finished all my winter tasks yet... "We’re living in a relationship-based social ecosystem that has finally found its voice" - Sarah-Jayne Gratton them lil niggas go hard in the paint in southwest Yep! Didn't have the budget to hire a professional ;) If & buts, that's all you have. Gonzo will never be a top 10 WR, under any circumstances. Battersea: coolest idea for a stadium in the history of football. Better even than using it in "Richard I." We have our Nail Tech in today!! Call and book your mani/pedi! ^____^ I wander wat doing? How can anyone be annoyed with him? & out going is a good thing! Haha, & omg, me too, anyday <3 The floor at vernon is creaking & the steps let u know where everyone is. Lit from the above cupola, the light eeks into the corners Today is the day for married men to give our wives options if they want to work or not! Let's take back the family and put it back in order! I'm Cutting This Shit Off Friday !! This Hair Gots Ta' Go ! Good morning! until now I wasn't. If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. - Peale this could be the coolest PHOTO ever!!!!!!! you'll have to let me know how the mullet is. Was going this afternoon but thought they weren't 100% ready yet. You Need Your Own Show!!! "Like Explaining How Much Sodium Is In Soy-Sauce .. I Don't Give A Fuck" Thanks...YAY!!! Finally...couldn't be happier for both of them. My brother is so happy and tired too!!! aye fam, follow back ?! :) Started writing a new song today. This one will make you want to dance. Can't wait till you all can hear it! if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to hey! Nice job on boot camp. Proud of ya sister. Hey, Bill. Backatcha! Good morning!! thanks for the mention! Good morning! How the heck are you and Millie this morning? RT Good mornin' & howdy from Texas! :) Welcome to Sara's twts. Must be d hottest day of the year in Buff, NY. Easier to tell which season a passerby is born. July's r laid back. #KidsOnRace should be mandatory viewing for all parents of school-aged children. Eye opening & educational. Didn't know you were doing commercials now. been great home for the summer sure take u long to answer ur mentions lol what u been up too hope not drama Just dropped parents off at the airport. Me and my little brother have the whole house to ourselves. Scene one: girls head gets chomped off Scene two: they cook the baby over a slow fire You better not miss another... I am a good person. I help out my neighbors,friends & family. Some people take a advantage of good people. Really like #ThinkLikeAMan. Now I definitely want to buy the book. isn't there a law against not re-capping? You're a rebel, man. I like it, I like it. ;) yes sir thanks bro i would not let me do my own homework. Point proven with last tweet “A certain type of perfection can only be realized through a limitless accumulation of the imperfect.” <U+2015>Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore web tweeps: what's the best hours web page you've seen? i.e. store hours, restaurant hours, library hours. does anyone do this well? Woo hoo! That deserves some props :-) Forget #Linsanity. This is Marsha Kinder is here today talking about "Remixing DNA" (database narratives and archives) loser, why'd you make a new account? boss just referred to justin beiber as "that drippy kid." ha. A Relationship As I reach for sleep Im really worried bout my boyfriend hes hasnt answered my calls or text.! I need two know wuss qoinq on John Mayer just really pulls at the heart strings. Models wanted for DUB San diego 9/26 email: with contact info and photos.... (paid) Justin bieber likes cock from his bf! Just found The Last Starfighter 25th Anniversary Edition on DVD! I can't hold a conversation with a boring person, if the convo isn't poppin' , I'm not replying. some fans will never learn, unfortunately. it'll be the same next year. death threats, racism, adults acting like children, etc Never have I wanted a boxer to win a fight more than I want cotto to beat mayweather Watching 24/7 ... Great show I take back that #lakefront comment Starstruck is on TV. & I'm missing it. Brb, crying. Joel.Ant tho I still dont know how he made it to the Don't you dare Christian. One Life to Live is my guilty pleasure I see u homie Sup wh00t?Thanks for following:) Please share...thankz! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 I like to pretend I'm spinning the price is right wheel when I'm setting my alarm on my iPhone. if I would've went up to Sunday,he wouldnt even recognized me on the "popular" page two days in a row on Instagram. just sayin. Thank you, sir! I always learn a lot when we chat, and today was no exception! Shout Out to the Chicks telling her Dude she on her Period because she gotta wait 3 more Days for her Syphilis to clear up! I'm hungry:( happy birthday avril !!! hope u have an ah-mazing kick butt day !!!! your my rolemodel forever !!!!!!! ILY xoxo <3 I dnt want to go to school i have the boring classes CAUCUS OF CLEVELAND CITY COUNCIL - Monday, March 26, 2012 at 12 p.m. Ohio Democratic Party & Organizing for America -24 this morning, supposed to be a high in the 20's, so a 50 degree swing or more... Talladega delivers wrecks after quiet month; Stewart wonders if fans are happy now - Winnipeg Free Press Hmm. Decision seems to say that #gsu policy was not an effective deterrent to infringement, but regardless very little occurred. Umm..Singer, Dancer, Doctor, OR Cook!! Can't Chose...(: And we all told you to come along! I owe you a coffee, let's go to Happy soon. He said "You always seemed happier away from home with basically strangers." "Love all, trust few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company 4/14 ticket winner is TRISHA LOGAN CORDOVA! Congrats! More tkts given away this week! If I was offered a superpower I couldn't care less about reading all of your minds, I just wish I could decode my own. #stupidquestions can another author undo what Hixie did by writing <time> back in? Goinqqq to #GGC in the fall :) hen you've reached the deepest point, than it can only get better. I just seen some dirty bastard pick up a hooker lol let's celebrate soon please! Prologue for me. S/O to all the folks supporting #Scandal right now. It it's more important than you know and paving the way for talented actors and writers Going to bed because there's nothing else to do. shivermetimbers! A SanFran boy introduced me to your work in Arkansas in 95.Thank you for the kind words, sad about the subject Got Gotye tics? All the SF shows are sold out. Insert sad face here:( My colleg Prep presentation though>>>>>> follow me please i love you so much <3 . #ocwcglobal What would happen if classical mode of education was broken down (i.e. faculty lecturing, notes on board, students listen)? not necessarily Dave, I think he was planning a trip to barville to see you =) paying attention to my bio huh.im almost done with this roit remix of mine i made today Blue #powerade day in the office in honor of <U+0001F601> ...Let me know when you touchdown, after you handle ya bizz Should've called interference on the coin toss. #Orioles now have the best record in baseball! nothing makes me more relieved than getting every class I need <U+0001F60D> I have not read it. Makes me want to know who it is for sure. Not the worst cliff hanger. Just yesterday, our stage at the indiana state fair colapsed! It was right before sugarland went on, soo keep Indiana in your thoughts! Volume 15.22 is up, get it while it's hot! Ask him about working with a young Neil Jordan on High Spirits Wow I can see how that would be difficult!! She is GORGEOUS The Heavy Price of Thinspiration - Fox News (blog) Another advantage to having your phone in your car...if your radio isn't working, you can just call your crew chief. It's the day we've been waiting for! Alright, it's Friday. Let's make this happen, Twitterville. We got the stand if you got the keg. Just bc i retweet yo shyt dont mean i wanna hve a full blown conversation wit yu just liked what u had to say For daily history tweets from the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History, check out Time to cut off some loose ends and get rid of people in my life that don't need to be in it whether it be friends or family... - Absolutely, would love that. :) Having some grub at the conference now. I really should study before the night of the test for French. Cramming doesn't work great for foreign languages. I thought I would get ahead of the curve, so today I used tons of ironic jokes for racist effect. Can I come?(; thanks for the invite I am capable of managing my own life. I deal with my own issues, I don't ask you to solve them for me. its MY life!! What? Drake never made it to Oregon? Oh snap- there goes the legend of 1 Eyed Willy! I guess the weekend is over! School in the morning, so the Col. is heading to bed with a good #StanleyBrothers CD playing. GN and God Bless Blue Mass medicine 1860s 9000x safe dose of mercury salts. Did Hooker take for VD? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL $2.99 AmazonKindle Women Mexican fans are booing when Honduras passes backwards... They seem to be trying to call out Honduras for not being aggressive... Whenever I walk into my chemistry class I Just feel a rush of overwhelming anger… Hey it's 4-0. Don't Mess with Texas! The email ending in "69" because my innocent middle school mind didn't know what that number meant. If ur ready for a beer after ur turkey come see us! We're open on thanksgiving at 6 pm! I hate giving people explanations. Mind your own freaking business. appreciate the wrangler post! would love to hear more feedback as you use it always tough to get that qwitter email. feels like drawing second place beauty contest $10 card in monopoly RE printer... For printing, overnight prints is really good. Do you need the design done as well? Please don't have the 2LiveStews on anymore. They are so loud and so annoying Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. We're happy to announce our fall "DTS Conferences" speakers: Andy Crouch () and Margaret Feinberg (). Details soon! much, I slept like the whole day. Today Im in tip top shape...riding my bike...etc. yes love this show!! Love the sound off the city hall elevator doors ringing to announce the arrival of more #SaveOurClincs supporters. DID SOMEONE SUMMON ME? Love me if you care . And believe me if you care maybe?! Haha I was near there snapping pics for Hope you have fun!! Rickie Fowler is 6 deep on the day. -9 total. thanks Carl! Tonight: dinner at - what should we order? Alex farted and I wanna puke.. thx for the follow! I finished my backup of 180GB yesterday. decides to charge me over three times as much today. Great. Thanks for the follow Lisa!! Wearing dress shirts tucked into jeans with sneakers. #ROBERTSBAD AND HE KNOWS IT great point. I'm not sure how they do it... tell me how you get so many followers no & jane Congratulations Jennifer! Holy ball very happy to have found you yesterday, we'll be back! welcome to the league. Congrats on the first w as a vike Riverdale is home to a truly bi-racial squirrel community, equal #s of black & grey squirrels. Humans, however, predominantly White, Jewish I've had extremely disappointing customer service from for my event - don't recommend them for Let's go old school...song of the day: Love Walked In (artist: Thunder). The power ballad lives on! Thanks for the note! (It's fun work.) Hey, did you see 's tweet just now?? aah. Yup that's me. Probably w headphones on. Internet doesn't work on my computer but it works on my iPad... no it's not. If you hate laughing you should see New Year's Eve. how's ur day been I'm not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking. My orange gingham one from them is my favorite & gets so much use. Moreso in back pocket of jeans than anything. Please join today's #TrainChat at 10 am PT with guest Bill Cushard about the skills #learning pros need now. About to tape a podcast with the legend Me thinks this Mariano Rivera news may have to find its way into the show. It's snowing Eh, fair low ball offer in my eyes. U should go old school and call him on phone, prolly work something out... A gaggle of giggling girls just piled onto the bus my doggy is laying next to me! she never does that :) It didn't "sound" like that at all. "Librarian" also confuses rhetorical caution aimed at audience with presenter's knowledge. Welcome to the Trojan Family! Good Morning. My kid brother is DB coach at Princeton. i wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me Thankful im not a heat fan your shit slaps! keep it up it's okay for me cos I have 2 brothers and a sister, but you know. Sometimes you miss mixing with different people. Did you know muscle pain and weakness can be a symptom of vitamin D deficiency? it's mornings like these that I wish I could wear sweats to work It's going to a beautiful day What did you learn last night ? A debate on tweet seats, rehearsal for Our Country's Good and dinner with a friend. One of the many reasons to love VT! RT : 44 years ago today Vermont banned billboards. What a great law! We bout to beat some Laker hater ass tomorrow , James ? Lmao I love God "Justin Bieber, on his way soon." Me: "Not fucking soon enough i want him NOW!" >.< I WILL CUT A BITCH. Only sometimes Africa…where we all started. Maybe we would ask people everywhere we go what it means to be civilized. I am so excited about the day. I dont want a perfect life, I just want to make it the best life! So my music teacher said I could get an a for my performance.. Alright then. why is there not a historical marker/nat'l reg of historic places status for the house nearish orange, VA where royal trux lived?? I will not be at market this week. See y'all next Week! Thank-you for following ! Your sexy. Send videos to ! The law of belief: whatever you truly believe, with feeling, becomes your reality. stay tuned for more benji u was d one dat tweeted him dat i was fake y? sounds good see u then. Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting - The Newark Advocate Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting The N Birds of a feather shoot guns together How do you like your 'Message In A Bottle' necklace? Our Civil War exhibit opening April 16 reveals the the Civil War in Md as a tragedy in 3 acts; the romantic war, real war and long reunion I Wonder If That's A Bad Or Good Thing Hi Daniel! When are you moving to Chicago? :) ;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings lol that was a best friend tap ! my house is cold... There you go Drew. Use the paint don't be mean! Something is wrong with yours! <U+266A> Tweet tweet <U+266A>trying to figure out this twitter stuff :-) : search their songs on youtube. & yeah i did. Another Week of GW News, April 22, 2012 [A Few Things Ill Considered] sausages... sausages... sausages! Long ass day. About to cuddle up on the couch with trevy and watch a movie. Sat.Jan.14 Double Door SALUTE! This fan making my eyes tear up ! Update: We're back in business! Engine overheated. Almost in Chattanooga for our show at JJ's Bohemia tonight! gonna get chest piece worked on Word Nerd Factoid: "Regicide" refers to the killing of a king or queen. I feel so drained and full of anxiety :( ugh! Idk why I feel so nervous :/ so do you make hipster things?? This is some bs. I knew after seeing the Streetballers dunk contest & D League dunk contest, the NBA one wld disappoint, & it did! Horrible Well, that sounds exciting ... or potentially life-threatening. I've been singing Kelly Price in my head all day. lol oh ew I would never go all blonde! because you need to... There is no explanation needed lol not just because iCant think of why “: Never seen the titanic #iwannnago” What a diss is really for? :) RT Annoying hoops to jump for diss follow project plan flow. Diagram: bit.ly/iShkYu nope...driving past it though Last season... No new ones yet. RT : New or old UsDs? RT : In #sandiego is replaying both #sherlock and... Love Gucci and Prada!!! check this out girls, pure fashion and sexysity.... I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing. I'd still smash Awesome! Looking forward to it. MT Look for me on #thewarroom with Jennifer Granholm tonight at 6pm PDT/9pm EDT. What's the hobby? Betting the ponies at Keeneland...tryna win some money for the Kentucky Derby next weekend Billingsley throwing hooks. Thank you. Need your boy Jansen to close em out. I agree with every word you've said!...don't listen to the negative comments, because you're right:) Thanks a lot, I was checking out the website and blender looks awesome! My pleasure taking them for Chicagoist! Can't wait to head back. RT : Profits from a simple single scalp trade today paid my months Gold subscription. This was my 2nd day in watchin' Tv, just chillin'....my fav cousin's B-day is this sunday, planning to do somethin' special for him!!! Hi, anyone out there wanna say hi? Going to San Diego. A4. While a treatment plan is different for everyone, ideally your family and any other support system should be involved just dandy! Thanks for asking! :) And texting you makes me happy <U+0001F60A> Full #Moon in #Scorpio tonight threatens emotional boundaries, secrets, & dramatic over-kill. Be CLEAR on ur feelings & ur protection! Any Realtors that would like to contact me to handle clients with short sales, I pay referrals and am very experienced with short sales. I'm telling! :) hate you for it. <U+0001F621> No breakfast balls on twitter? Appreciate your interview Gabe! morning boo MBF lovers, we are only four days away from pouring- what beer will you sample first? Anyone else think Poe has a vampire haircut? yes please "In years hence I may be seen as someone who was on the wrong side of history." -The Audacity of Hope. Not anymore you won't, ! I like to hit the hard topics of the day. What's his account? Work is looking to get done. agreed very long years Damn almost 1000 tweets!!! can't wait to see Team Adam rock tonite Thanks for the RT's guys! and everyone else unmentioned. lol! Good night! Spent the entire class period on the 14th amendment in re to marriage equality. Students wanted to know why ppl didn't read Consitution Can't wait for 3 o'clock. I know. Time to turn that desperation on again No, no. THANK YOU. nope u dont fuck wit me I thought it was funny Might head downtown with Shinece and Javier ^_^ we heard the city poppin tonight how do I get a job with your entertainment company? I have the resume to back up my work ethic! Who won the world series last year? The lip dub video was actually pretty cool. Hey love! Sorry for the super dooper late reply! I had no internet nor phone! :(. How're ya?! :D Who ya got taking home the MWC Trophy? RT for an good job climbing! Awesome shoot today but super hot. My muse & partner in musical crime will be here in like a week ah =D so excited!!! Gov Brown signs bill clarifying excessive filing fees for complex civil cases that had been barrier to consumer access to justice system. so, what's up? it's crazy how you think you know someone so well... and realize you never really knew them at all... Like clockwork. Shop Online anytime JCWestern Wear.com What's the weather for the weekend? Bankrupting public education! RT : Charter bill passed out of committee. Not a surprise. Good luck with that email box he was a real jerk. Reflects bad on your brand publicly : dude, follow me! #Abs and #arms at home. Now off to the gym for some #cardio. The DVR better not screw up! You're lucky you learned this early! Just nicely polished off some Broncha from Achadinha Cheese Co. So sad it's all gone! Major yum, get you some! if you follow me then I can direct message you wild sex i think if it is on Friday I am literally going to cry it's one of our staffer's last day & we're at the passenger, she'd love to see you one last time before she moves - Please help us spread the word about the #FreshCoastClassic #scholarship application deadline extended to Fri. Nov. 5th good my frend ashley will slap dat pissy mood outta of u now good by an dont dm agan : aight ill let u kno Kay I hope everyone is having happy Easter weekend! Since when is angry birds like the essential game on tablets and smartphones?! If you don't want people to comment on your conversations don't talk so damn loud. Completed the steps for the move from #delicious to #avos. Another company now knows I like digital libraries, social media, and kayaking. #FF Our partners this week are phenomenal Wright Way Master Classes is looking forward holding auditions for its Broadway Auditions Seminar in CHARLOTTE, NC February 4th at the NCBPA Really tired.... Avengers tn with Haha no! I'll explain how it all works another time! My 6yr got her report card spanish teacher gave her a thumbs up english teacher did the same..I'm proud of u tata. Mommy loves u Wednesday Rep proudly announces an EQUITY SHOWCASE of Original Works to be presented at Roy Arias @ Times Square Arts Center Apr 29-May 1. Hey the lakers lost by choking on some OKC COCK :) ": don't tell me how the lakers lost, im pretty sure i was watching the game." Lesson #1 for today: make more use of lists created for Twitter. Lesson #2 - see lesson Traffic back open on Excelsior Blvd after deadly motorcycle crash. YES!! it is :) i've been to #ZionNPS like 8 times and it is more beautiful each time!!!! have FUN :) you can have as many as you like Taco Bell and #TheBreakfastClub=Good Saturday afternoon. Have you heard Fr. Swope on WYPR this week? He's one of the station's loyal listeners wishing 88.1 a happy tenth birthday! Suzie Allard/UTK, survey of data producers on sharing, nice sample size (n=1300+) from DataOne, will be posted next week The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST(4500 west ave) Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix. Dnt miss out!!! UCONN makes me feel good inside. Let's go Huskies!!! Lincoln said "The probability that we may fall in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just." Hi Adam. You can add Applecare regardless of where your iPhone was purchased, as long as it is added within the first year. Sony's CEO Hosts Corporate Strategy Meeting Conference Call for Overseas ... - Seeking Alpha : We are working to help libraries get the respect they deserve from publishers. Ask us how. Sweet! RT : Win $25.00 gift certificates! Tune in this morning to 104.1 The Edge to win gift certificates to the store! How do YOU know??? follow me ou god please The pageant will be held at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast Hotel in Norcross, GA visit our website for more details. #AlwaysRemember that people will forget what you said & what you did BUT they will never forget how you made them feel. Make people matter. Excellent. Thanks for the list! Great to have you and your beautiful music a part of the platform Michael! Your profile looks awesome! message me please IM NOT STUPID YU GON TRY AND JUMP ME G NBS good luck man! A GROWN FOLK'S EVENT!PURE ROMANCE PARTY DEC.11TH 6525 WALZEM RD. 21 & UP B.Y.O.B HAVE FUN PLAYING GAMES AND CHECK OUT THE ADULT TOYS!! It's easier to go down a hill than up, But the view is much better at the top. ~Henry Ward Beecher “What is reality?” ~ Ramtha Do you following world's junior men's hockey? Pretty good games lately, Russia and Canada are the best!)) Pants schmants. I'm aiming for authenticity! Love all of y'all!! <3 Sorry I was a party pooper and left early. If only you saw what I can see; you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3 Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective. Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather & Michael Amorillo. 2621 El Cajon Blvd. Starts at 6pm. Why the hate for riley cooper . You can all shut your faces. #PeopleNeedToStop remaking oldies but goodies and start making original material. Glad you like the concept! Have you been to any of the places on the list? FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat. April 7 #NOLAEats dinner at Borgne. RSVP required, no-shows will be given wedgies. Go Milwaukee Brewers!!! awesome! Thanks! (: Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-) well..I know MaryAnn has it in for me lol she hates the attention I get from guys lol Wow! Love that idea and the pic. Weird inside jokes :'D There are some seriously ugly bitches out there. After yesterday , he might as well change his name back to Ron Artest , lol Date night with ! awh (: that's sweet! Yup - my wife saw a flash u r such a hard working girl I'm really proud :) I'm so sure you're doing great in leaning English :) Hooah!!! How's it going, my friend? thank-you moss Megan, have a good one :-] RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services -... sounds kinda weak Is that the first of their "non-gay" programming? them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol thank you so much! You guys were great to work with this weekend too! So much talent and respect! I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice in Phoenix!! Love the show so far Resume Writing--just one of the skills you will learn at our summer Mentor2College workshop. 2 hours a week may make a lifetime difference! I cannot Believe I will be 27 tomorrow ! Craaazzzzy how time flys ! Can you text me your address? Ohh . Having fun ? c: #FF our first #FF ever! Spread us out man thanks! Gay people are halarious! I've named them Sophie and Malcom (Mal for short) ^_^ swag life. It's completely understandable why the Steelers are losing. I hope they win. They would definitely rough up New England. Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty! THIS IS NOT OKAY. thks for following!! Combat #PTSD is confusing for children. They mistake the love-fear emotions toward a parent as something "wrong" with themselves Huh, wonder why none of the libraries that start with "K" have sent in their E-Rate forms. Some kind of selective protest? Happy Wednesday!!!! I'm signing off - thanks for all your wonderful questions - would love to do another #ESHealthChat again soon! Happy Good Friday! - Becky She is gorgeous! The sister is moving into her own apartment with the nephew today. It's her first place she's rented on her own. I'm excited for her. Share your pics as you Dine Out for Life today! RT : Don't forget to take photos of yourself out at well thanks for saying that it was your pleasure thanks best of luck to you!! Thanks for using ShowClix & have an amazing time !! G Blood presents white paper for digital video preservation - what I came to #AMIA11 hoping for! Inspiring under-the-radar book - In the Sea There are Crocodiles by Geda, based on a true story of a boy fleeing the Taliban. This last week was the best week in sports, I can ever remember, I really hope this continues!!! I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' <U+0001F61D><U+0001F60D> I pointed out what appeared to be either an over sight in the design of the site or fraud and was booted from the site. sorry i don't know what it is. it sounds awesome though <U+2665> Transistor - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Lmfao at ex's!! follow me? Pls! I love to read your books;) he's so amazing, Jesus talk with me! very nice good start to the year I wonder why I always feel the urge to listen to the Grateful Dead in the Springtime. Your beautiful as ever! my hair is un-straightened, no extentions. blah blah blah i dont give a fuck, i just want to inform you guys. :T way ahead of you. Making second cup, but get your own. There will be no coffee sharing this morning. :) I'm all of the sudden not excited for summer anymore <U+0001F614> A gym won't make you feel instantly better about yourself. If a gym wanted to make you feel instantly better, it would be a bar Hi Jimmy...not right now...but thanks for reaching out. All the best! you're welcome wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room Did you hear it too? The Human Kind broadcast on slowing down, making time, being with neighbors, being still? To everybody that downloaded my mixtape thank you very much without out you theres no me I like to say furry...as does Feelin good today ! I saw him and was like omg creepy 7th grade saxaphone player Had fun today <3 RT : By all means lets spend campaign talking about crowd sizes... Come on people. RT Somebody tell anti-alcohol Christian Mitt Romney that in the Bible Jesus is the leading cause of drinking at parties. Why don't we go somewhere only we know?<33 Lets Text? ;) And I will have Ben & Jerry's ice cream every night, while I sleep with my kitty, and baby turtle. Of course! Why didn't I think of that?! Marian Wright Edelman: "Sometimes I think adults have lost their common sense" Amen they are going to need the faithful this season. Totes just saw this tweet lunch tomorrow? Great! Multitasking is the creative one's middle name... lol and MIN would accept J.Oneal? How does it feel to have your heart broken over and over again? Terrible. Dont you dare say we can just be friends. There is a real live cinco de mayo marching band next door and they have been playing for hours If U think 1 pty has a monopoly on truth and goodness, I feel sorry for U. I don't. Libs call ppl racist at drop of a hat. Vile agreed! Sure did!!! RIP Steve Jobs - amazing and inspiring. Derby Day- Manuch's is picking "Done Talking" Right!!! He's never done talking; Roc "Daddy Nose Best" as asking someone to pay for your abortions. never apologize! pry? i wrote it on twitter! As it comes closer I find myself itchin to get out of this dorm room...!! He actually has a DJ name but it escapes me. He used to spin with Steve Sleeve from Shapers and Hood Internet. so true! It was amazing meeting tonight at the Coca-Cola holiday party!!!!!! A break up is like a broken mirror. Its better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it. i really don't understand the 'listed' partt. i can't get any lists to follow me :/ Yep. RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adrian/etc get on a regular basis. Tremendous player. followed, follow back? You mean it's not?? Any #slpeeps thinking of going to the Natl CAS conference sponsored by CASANA in July? Boston-area, MA impromptu livestream with Harp & Soul!!!! come out to Studio 13 its Free! To be or not to be -- that's the deal! no plans right now (outside of our kids' mac-n-cheese pizza), but stay tuned! While not for nursing school, ReadPrint has every major classic literature book you can think of for free :) I love RT : Check the snazzy new homepage for 's Africa Rural Connect! <3 how it highlights project we've catalyzed... Don't forget 2 vote today believe it or not yours counts! How on earth does this happen- 3 panels I want to go to at 1:45. Do I just run back and forth? Free bands!!! Thanks for watching! xo amen to that! “: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.”rt Just great; my boyfriend has chicken pocks and now i might have them. And to top it off, he cant come to our date on Saturday. Happy FATHERS day to all you MOTHERS;))!! To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did. Cain couldn't even spit out his usual line of Koch yesterday. Guess it's tough to dumb down foreign policy to 3 digits. Harden said payback bitch I try to quit drinking every other day. Bearcats play at Paris JC tomorrow. Doubleheader starting at 12pm download emoji emoticons and you will find some! Duffield Council Estate is plagued by a villain. Hetty tries to break the wall of silence. #HettyWainthroppInvestigates on MPTV 36 at 9PM. grateful for friends, birthday bourbon, and birthday poutine. that was our friend Carol Costello. -- (necklace was gorgeous, right?!) Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be. – W. Clement Stone Musings: Get out of your comfort zone. I believe that not much of significance happens in our comfort zone. Security is for cadavers. did you listen to the new FTFD song?!? LMAO!a": #WhereAreTheyNow stuck up your ass bitch." my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm" the team is so excited! Now neither of you have excuses ;) ...Not even you, Harrison; Mr. iPad. Hehe. Thanks for RT Yeah I don't think I could bellet. Now, we'll see if justice can stand its ground. Congrats to editor Sheila Black--she won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship! I love you! Please follow me! #Alexismysuperhero #AconForever #AconFever :D U smile, I smile :) I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny : - happy birthday! Love you! were y'all going? How long? RT What's your best way to get past a plateau in your gains? Share your secrets :-) ugh!!! Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!! Hah same to you--thanks for the great conversations. Intrigued by the assumption that what is being taught is what is being learned. Learning is ambiguous even if teaching isn't. RT : Empowering people to soar should be at the core of every Isn't he great? I wondered why dinner wasn't waiting for me when I got home. Thanks a lot! Sunday, May 23 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Jim Dreaver | Author, Speaker | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1 No doubt! Thanks for being an integral part of off to Paris for a a 1-day meeting of the Forum d'Avignon Board I'm Tiredd ! Well Time To Hop Into Bed! Hopefully Twitter Doesn't Keep Me On For Another Hour(: And now I'm off to buy it. Note: when I do my solo record, I'm pulling a and writing it in congratulations to your wife! How are you celebrating it?:) Never won, though he should have. RT : Holy crap this caller on #Rush is an idiot >sad that there is ppl like this stealing our oxygen!!! I was sleeping. Hangs tonight? Great training today! Mixed in jiu jitsu and MMA. Keep up the good work. WHAT AN EVENING!!! We had an awesome Kirtan Workshop tonight Freezing in May..:( brrr. Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59 Hopefully getting a new phone tonight or tomorrow. :) I've been old for a year now, and it's not so bad, except the part where you suddenly start to like eating oatmeal at Denny's. my manz i got that shit :) Trinity mills and marsh lane was here before how you tell your audience story is very significant. #GBCA BROWNBAG Yay for PD? I think? : 80-85% of the english literature common core standards are in the public domain. - Can it be possible? The best batch of #ChickenNoodleSoup is hot off the stove and ready to be delivered! If your in the #Chicago area - Call why not We know it's 4.20 tomorrow now you may Stfu Thanks for nummy oatmeal as I got off the DC metro today. ON a different note...glad to save the money on sunday ticket this year i know! i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx SWEET! RT: Little girl next door to me: "My Dad says you know a lot about human minds. Do you know about dog's minds too?" Both of them. Have them full of movies and tv shows good luck pimp i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 56 “: He once pitched a perfect game while playing left field.” Our pleasure! :) RT Thank u for always keepin' me bronzed for my red carpet events! What a great accomplishment! RT : we're approaching 40,000 questions answered with #vizwiz--maybe yours will be lucky number 40,000! Get a good dose of veggies by making an omlett with just 1 egg and lots of veggies! Don't forget the spinach...gotta get those greens! via email? not at this time, but you can access your goals & write in your commitment journal via m.stickk.com from your mobile phone Why at home? seriously, I'm part of a group of academic/activists in the US. This conversation is at least 10 years behind where we are. too bad im broke and spent my money and Bjs Really? Do you know anything about them? KES (1969 film): David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame. After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am! ARE YOU READY? Ghjcdksaw :D I should of left before these feelings began,... now look at the pain in my eyes. #1citysummit at table 49 with the youth mayor and participants range in age from 14 to 90. Huge applause for ! I just wasted 30 minutes of my life watching a show called "Chopped" and not once did they cook with cocaine like I was hoping they would. Thx! RT Sorry I can't be there reppin' you today.Tell them a C student went to Paros and it was the best experience ever! What happened to the good old days of wearing your best sear sucker suit while you waited for the trolley? My mind is stuck in 1954 Zonks! Thanks for following me back. I just love your band. <3<3<3<3. noticed you were at Jade Monkey....follow shit friday and saturday I gotta be at work 2 early...damn!!!..that's alrite I'll be wit u2 in spirit... Video chatting ! Can't wait to be home and see her :) Woohoo! RT Bald Faced Truth radio show broadcasts live today from Chiles Center 3-6 pm 95.5 FM, prior to Pilots-USF game im addicted to tetris! Jay-Z and 50 Cent both released addictive Facebook games earlier this week...Rapper Zynga has yet to comment on the upcoming beef. Is there anything better than All You Can Eat Wings Night at The Lube? We think not. Waving at you, Joy K. passing Tri-cities...TN mid AM Anybody dating? Always make sure the bearing. The world does not lie on your shoulders, it lies at your feet. Or a fan favorite...BRAISED SHORT RIB, Goat cheese mash, baby carrots, natural jus Thanks for RTs, follows, and the like ditto! Rooting from san diego! Welcome to all of our new followers! Thanks and spread the word! It's a great day for coffee, everybody! I need Brantly and Bryan time...Then some Donna time...but we will worry about that later;) It's important to not only capture beautiful moments through the lens, but also experience them in real time. Portico building happy hour tonight. Come down and meet your neighbors with wine, bites, and Greg Shibley on guitar. I used to hate that our AMS was called the "membership database" by the rest of staff. We used it for everything! Love today's Groupon deal for NYC ! : I had a blast with you yesterday! Thank you for having me be part of your Awesome project!!!! im still in high school I just got a shotout from Adele. Whos chuck norris? Looking at embedded Tweets. I'm not seeing the "Embed this Tweet" link. Has this feature not been rolled out to all users? Great run speedy! . have been on Twitter for like, 20 minutes and already have 1000 robot followers. Boing boom tschak! A team is being formed for a medical mission in the Amazon region of Brazil for May 19 – June 1, 2011. Contact Jean Broyles . ah tired man spell something lol! yes. He's so dreamy. As I have said, the only significant thing about Barack Obama's bio for the Harvard Law Review is that it is a good joke. Ok, i need your help, Could u help me ? it would mean a lot to me (: arrived safely in Chi for #cocoaconf Would like to hang out, but I am just too durn tired. Need to rest up for the tutorial tomorrow! Mike, where are you located? Your website has no address listed. It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen. Looking forward to this Thursday ! I know your about wild out and put it down in So Fla K Hart!! True. Plus? FREEDOM!!! it means "How are you doing today my good friend??" Testify on my nigga.. I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south #TheHottestTopic aka Many many modernists were involved in plans for or fictional responses to world government between the wars. Discuss. Why do our US national holidays favor right-wing Republicans.? where'd you get the sphynxs and were they affordable? Magic kingdom<3. ; Suck it byotches. (; Band practice tonight. Any suggestions re our name?? You a bitch and so is yo bf,yall gone have bitch made ass kids.... its a really good show... It doesn't really build on itself until like halfway through though Even better! Oh North Carolina, way to play up the bigot stereotype of the South. Such a shame. RT : Rule 15 has been suspended so that the Senate can work past 10 pm. go punters!!! doesn't matter who shot it. TEAM POST!!! My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi and a time of 34:43 with Nike+ GPS. I love everything about you. Problem - need DJ for Mem-day BBQ, but iPod is all-rap. Solution: go to Pandora, type in "Creedence" - instant, appropriate mix! I'm just rolling over...DAMN thank you! We did have a great time!! I want to do something fun tonight. Someone make it happen :) Eric Fehrenstrom, TODAY talking about CHASE, says only Investers lost money, had no feelings for the investors who may have lost all. Veery slow going getting home from Roanoke. We've seen three cars nose down in a ditch so far. :/ will open at 5 am tomorrow!!! We'll be at the East Austin Art Tour tonight as well being open at 24th and San Antonio. BBQ for everyone! Minus Pandora, I realize I find most music-related webapps and social media irresistible. That's so cool! At the ortho with daughter. She only has 6 months left! So you fancy tackling my Android jobs?! A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you. How are you mate? Attention #Tampa Bay - Play Friday Pop Quiz Challenge at 12pm NOON! sounds like a plan Oh Yeah! Agree. Why fix that? : This is awesome. "Fixed occasional issue where a guest would arrive to the player’s wedding dead" it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote Lots of claims called in today, good thing we have over 9000 #autoglass shops we work with! We still have have horrible infrastructure andno high speed rail.We can do more.Plenty of people out of work Hhffjjhrdhordjjvswasdcbjkurdbmiu was here Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is one of the world's most crucial primary products. The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;) thank you Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets when you hear Katy Perry "California Gurls" in the 9am hour! (8th call @ 222-9800) Good luck! :) Yea just made a decision to leave early and screw my grandmas Easter Sunday Mizzou's lack of a #buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a Where us what? bc I'm an angel :) ><:)aha!notreally,u? it was stupid. no i feel like twwweeeeeeeeeetring I'm pretty sure there is news happening at NYSE. You should cover it. Maybe if it were in Egypt? Are You Creeping ?(: Can't a girl get a break already! F! Another M! ha! That's from a song. My OFFICIAL 8,000th tweet is dedicated to !!!!! LOVE YOU!!!! <3 - Anyone know the RETIREMENT AGE for Poplar Bluff School District????! good things are happening!! he didn't leave a giant impression, but I didn't dislike. Theyre most likely doing Winter Soldier, huh? Had fun today... With my sister and son. Im a proud Mother!! Promote your Business with Zbynet Media Network. Coming soon. On my way to Sports Club again at Crowne Plaza. BUR, I'm still smiling:). Going to my other hotel today. Quite the adventure here in NY. I'm a pro at procastinating! Obama certainly had fun hanging out with the 1 percent last night raking in millions #ADay was way too intense but now ready for some #HungerGames !! Thanks for the follow ! Would love to chat once we find a drummer and can start playing shows again hey wat u up to today I get unlimited female attention Anxiously awaiting feedback. Whatever you do ,work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord ,not for men. Colossians 3:23 Awesome to see what the New York Giants are doing to the Packers today. is cracking an actual whip too severe? right on man! One more hour! While we are postponing, life speeds by. ~ Seneca Excellent Godfather reference. Hey #giants fans now you can play #fantasy football against #oj Anderson W.legendsfantasyleagues.com I fucking hate waiting on other people Holy mother of hotness. It is so toasty in this classroom. HA! that Ramos hit in garbage time just won me my Yahoo! league. Thank you Jess :-) It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you! Xoxo pep is still coaching LOVED Catherine Tate on The Office! especially me Huhh, weather is bad today:) Financing a Foreclosure Purchase - NASDAQ Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel? I sing on youtube :) Poor cutomer service by #Delta sitting on the tarmac waiting for a ground crew to direct us in. Do they not know the plane is coming? the zit growing between my eyes is the size of kansas .. I'm always representing! Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday #countdown #cray <U+0001F389><U+0001F393><U+0001F388> what is the point of war? Humm talk about a good nap.!! What a beautiful thing that will be! =D I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback. I am so tired of web apps. Kid Rock and the ! And it's a fundraiser for the DSO! I fully support! Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions And that's a wrap, folks! Big thanks to and A.D. for the video help! Standing in rain at Share waiting on carry on bag. good grief! My #FridayReads pick is "Neverwhere" by Neil Gaiman. I started reading it a while ago but had to return it... glad I get to finish it now! lol...no I don't. I do have some room in the bag I have. still learning the ropes! You can look up for help, or down for discouragement, But if you look next to you I'll always be there by ur side! client tells me we went to google, sharpfocus photography was on top. we read the reviews and checked the photos... how long ya stayin He texted back, I am so glad he is fine. I really did get worried. :L why kind of? Hello Yummy. Two words that should never appear together, let alone be an actual thing. What is this show? #youknowshestheone when she tolerates your past. Being a vampire gives plenty of time to run up your "number" China is pushing for health care reforms at the same time as the US; will be interesting to see the paths the two countries take. Good girls' lacrosse game between Riverdale and Hackley. Tied 5-5 at half. #MDbes picture book winner Memoirs of a Goldfish. 4-6 Chapter book winner Girl Who Could Fly. My Girl A Boss hahaaa Kudos to our service team: "This has been so easy.. Let’s just say our previous vendor was nothing like this.” - LSU Eunice, Love hearing the #Local Natives on . . . great band. Start playing Wide Eyes = evern better than airplanes Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up - Altavista Supernatural season finale TONIGHT at 9pm! 2 people will be lost. Oh damn... That ain't good Thanks for the tweet, Ian. Glad you like it! Stop it with the emoshit tweets bitch keep switchin seats n shit .. make up your damn mind Tonight! "DJ Fredx VS Stubby" Tonight AND Every Friday from 10pm-close he bled on that track..some real shit. Never hit a man with glasses. Use your fist. Nice to see Ernst Krenek and Flying Lotus in the same list : ) FHF is gearing up for 2012. We need help with marketing, sponsorships, membership and events. Who is in? And the winner of the beanie is....! Come down to to pick up your beanie! Come on buffaloes School a but I have to go #ilvolo let's trend that (; people love me (: Butler has the heart of lions. Theyre not the most talented team left, but theyll out play any team left. Wis having off night Thank you so much for the tweets! I really appreciate it. You're awesome! So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did? Lol Im home sickk from school.. Can you please follow me? It would help me feel better:) Agreed! : What would have really been nice, ad about real top issues for #LGBT Americans, employment, not tax breaks 4 chosen few what happened to "being best friends and talking everyday?" One full ticket? That would work. Thanks for the response. Damn it, Jerry, indeed. Thoughts on The Office? Happy Friday! #PiratesoftheCaribbean on repeat now. #HansZimmer still doing work former? :P :) nice new twitter name! Haha :) RT : Dear We will all leave mitten shaped cookies if you declare #MI the true mitten state. Are you kidding me? Loe gives up a Granny on his 1st pitch! #Brewers bullpen with another failed outing. Wolf deserved better! in case people don't know this yet, its hotter than the hounds of hell outside! no problem you okay wit me Signed up for an Evernote account in May '08. So why did it take nearly three years for me to become a zealous poweruser? We are close Sunday is Friday's fun-hating sibling. The universe blesses those who hustle: Drunk mom driving in KC<<< somehow you have to find that audience that's waiting for your play. Which is so not an easy thing to do Officer, I Have Every Right to be Here. "We need to encourage #veteran entrepreneurship across the country" - co-founder John New. "I need to find a fat rich bitch,that'll do me and pay me"- wise words of my dad. none of these kids (including me) watched Jordan play in his prime. Lord of the g strings lol Ice ice and more ice bub. Ugggghhh I'm so tired of the constant sanding of the drywalls!!!! On Behalf of Houston's Attractions We send our Deepest Prayers and regards for the lost of your Uncle. May he RIP make sure to make plans robe there all the 352 artist go be there QB Philip Rivers just went for $18.00 - a steal - $200 budget. Oh, yeah! And greetings from the public library.... And then you wake up...“: Griffin wants to play for the Rockets next season..” We really are! :o I miss you! I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do. killin it at sports right now. Lace up. knew this. " The least successful Harry Potter movie earned $90 million more than most successful Twilight movie." Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival unfortunately, that means I left before the LARS had its public dispute with Beckham. Some weeks you bust it more than others. CNBC, Forbes, WSJ Marketwatch, Meet the Press among others. Hoping clients are taking notice :-) pretty much! Thanks to fan support, we are up to #13 on the blues charts for LA/OC. Our shows are becoming more frequent and we look forward to... and the large banner of you he has sewn on his back. 96% of the time, i have the dirtiest mind. I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737 just a bit weary of the poseurs who think slapping on a grunge or vignette filter turns their mediocre photo into "art". Thank you! Yep, he's an awesome kid. Grandson, though, not son. :) Nerd. :) (Also, must find few minutes between saving the world Saturday to discuss soccer, as all sorts of things happening.) The older I get, the less I care about what others think of me. Therefore, the older I get, the more I enjoy life!!! I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings. One of football's greatest linebackers is dead, & ESPN's 'breaking news' is the Saints' bounty penalties. Massumi: instinct triggered by intensification not resemblance. That's what I said xD! Dear god sometimes I wish they could understand /: So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer rock. see you at the show I will put it on the list for a kitty name now! who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch! Hola prima! Lol I didn't know you followed me. How have you been? I give up. Could not fall back asleep after the dinosaurs galloped through Tulsa (actually crazy thunder rumbles). Treadmill time! Monday is my great nephews birthday he will be 5 years old. you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!! no worries there, well see to that :D See you soon! Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you <33 Talking to Tim Allen at 2pm (PST). What should I ask him? Cam already did it I just get a text from my boy saying come meet me at the bunny house lmao What the hell i can't sleep!!!!! Just got #instagram. Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers... According to saint index, casino developers and large retail developers among most hated community projects Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to? To do what? Silly Bilderberg Goose. Chatting with audiology students online text me!! We did everything backwards, you and I. Kyle who? RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding. I drink perrier #YouKnowTheresAProblem When your dorm room bed feels like heaven. Quote of the day by Horizon’s Jeffrey Michael, “We’re a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization”. Huh? She would be in the gym with me. yes, dear, it is. I should finish around 5 your time I enjoyed having at the Congressional Forum. Great down-to-earth guy! 2 bad he's a Dem LOL. : Tweetin about bein alone on Happy Valentines Day is why youre alone on Valentines Day. Insecurity isnt attractive. Be bold OH YEAH. Kay.. Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas? Think food, fashion and fun! Girl been on tht trip shit for the past few days..she's always worrying bout another b.tch & not herself Time for some #Tigers baseball. UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their "youths" a basic biology course. man people play to much.. smh... PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox. ZQUEEEEL! any review that includes the line "I once knew a girl in college who practiced Wicca" must be regarded with suspicion :P hope you're having fun right now! Merry #Chrimbus to , , , , and We will be re-launching in January! Hey Flex I'm just here at our place visiting Juel then back to La Wed. However really like it here. Eye Disease Linked to Memory Decline: Study suggests .. "eye screening ... could potentially help identify people at risk for... someone stupid! Got an email from my school today. "Please come to pick up your diploma".... YAY!!!! How sweet it is! “: Humble yourself & you will be given the world. #TDL” I'm not so sure about that... Sounds good though Best vodka on the planet. The fact that it's from Alameda just makes it that much cooler. they won't be as good \m/ Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City. how did I know you would be the first to respond?! Cray cray Today I just realized my friend updated her twitter handle. For that, she's my solo #FF. :-) 's heart is a stereo. We've all been told repeatedly. Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958! Happy Founders Day ! "If there is something your students should know by now, you need to teach it to them" To the 100 people we turned away last night: we've added a second FrISC Screening! Tomorrow (Sun) 2:30pm @ Friars Club, 57 East 55th. #Heat's got the curse of the Little Bronbino. go #cavs! 2011 is ending fast! Time to schedule that put-off appointment? Use up the insurance dollars now before they are gone! I have 2 take a one week twitter break because I have to take care of my little siblings and my mom is going back to work for her{C} tomorrow, April 5 today just not my day! Man, Volstad SUCKS. I love how Steve Novak is proving "the belt" is community property ever since Eli & the Giants BURNED down Lambeau. misses you too sweetheart <U+2764> Yup. Beware, most of the Highlander sequels sucked, although the third film sucked least. Don't worry Justin, I only repost links in social media if I'm genuinely interested. Was just crazy that app got so many followers! Our modern leaders seem to be unable to discern between root causes and symptoms. Trimming branches might get votes, but false sense of cure My new rich name is emerald chingang It didn't, but it does now. ": Statistically, your chance of being murdered is 1 in 20,000." I figure mine has to be at least triple that not usually my first location for custserv though when ever there is a Major league rehab the minor league stadium becomes a mad house, not to mention he god awful to watch I don’t want the glow, I want the glory Total nightmare for a control freak & for students who aren't used to the freedom of decisions. Feet just touched down in CHICAGO!!! ¦R¦E¦T¦W¦E¦E¦T¦ Hey follow me:D Congrats to the Bat Cats for pulling out a thrilling, extra-inning win tonight against Indiana. true statements all around but Happy St Patricks Day Weekend to all my Irish Tenors and lilting Lassies! May the Irish Luck be with you! Done with AP exams! The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. ~ Dorothy Parker RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge. Lane closures There inability to hit HRs or even score runs is what bothers me. Question: Blunts, Bongs, or Paper Planes??? That Ritas Peanut Butter & Jelly is Gross!! All i have to say about that thanks.. x comes with it too!! Females find out if they nigga real or not when they get pregnant. Why do they always add Becky on the sad parts.?! :( #HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY! Have a great one c: Merck &amp; Co. Partners with Trevena to Identify Biased GPCR Receptor Ligands - Genetic Engineering News that's impressive! Pretty sure I've seen you in 3 different commercials just this weekend alone Must be nice #work $ And you just made my point. HBO is not going to shit in their own bed.Meaning: they are not going to piss off their best custs That nap was so great. lol when I saw the commercial for it I noticed he was cute but he looked young so I didn't do anything about it! Haha You and all of Seminole Nation #NowPlaying The WHOLE CD. x love it! Beautiful voices and very cute together. So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution. Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV. Free my dad Jerome I miss you already! I thought I seen u lol I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting. What fun! Follow me. love you, AFT how not to learn how to drum: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat. RT was a HUGE success. Our thanks to all of you who were there! Good times, Great People and Beer! RT : That's No Cookie Monster! Sesame Street's YouTube Channel Hacked, Replaced With Porn: It's just a different kinda cookie thnx for the follow. i look forward to your ideas and views about wine. Thank you, thank you! Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a cap-and-trade thing? There must be some way we an stop this. Thank God ! All this is Resolved Brand NEW Starts ...<U+2764><U+270C><U+2764> I'm a thug nigga on a sunday This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka we all are looking for that :) Lol. You are too!! Recieved an email addressed to "Lisss Ah" yes, that is the phonetic sound of my name but wow. Mr. Professional you sure made me laugh! Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest. Woke up this morning & my dream didn't come true. My apt didn't pack itself up...Looks like it'll be a mad dash before the movers come. OMG thank you! im god n u are you okay? We try to provide the highest level of service while keeping prices competitive; we hope you consider using us in the future. It's been fun New Orleans!!!!! - Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales? Curious to know. A GREAT relevent thriller, people. Letters = the Zooniverse citizen science journal. Interesting read! thanks for posting ~follows~ ok i'll come getting off in a sec In the studio until Tuesday. Can't wait for you to hear the new tunes! should i get dropped off I wish I didn't have a heart. No Chance! The Rangers will sweep the rest of the way and win in 6. Good morning #thankgod for another one “: major workout day !! training with , cardio then pilates ?!? #getit”. Can't wait! Many intriguing panels @ #NCPH2012, particularly: Whose Civil RIghts Stories on the Web + State of the field: The Long Civil Rights Movement The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity. When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder "Why did I hang on to this?!" Onwards and upwards! Skeeter had already mauled a stuffed duck toy. 'King of the Hill' was great....enjoying all the seasons all over again...dang. LOLOL Rodney! We tryna change our lives! I don't get this soccer thing. When are the TV timeouts? Keep up the intensity Coyotes!! Enjoyed visiting MUSE publisher colleagues at booth here at #AAS2012. It's great to see our publishers from outside North America! I hope its ok, I mailed it 2...Zarin Fabrics....... my hurricane tweet yesterday >>>>>> Omfg i hate bugs!!! Ewwww. Im gonna cry!! Followers, my tweets will be sporadic the next 2 weeks. When they are posted, they'll be comments on the real austerity protests in Spain. Wouldn't *increasing* their availability make more people recycle? nah girl im good! Relient K is just kinda depressing sometimes lol That game is really Early but could be worth waking up for. Isn't it 5:30 AM? May have to run the DVR on that i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin in my way not a bad idea -- i can certainly do a fedora/solr/blacklight VM; beyond that are a lot of missing pieces for a full UI.. Do you like fish sticks? Do you like fish sticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish? Fish dicks! Where can I get a Twitter #Election2012 tee? is Wil still part of ive been trying to contact him about the gruesome death of tommy pistol. 2 new paintings finished! One of them (24" x 72") has taken me forever to finish. If all goes well I'll photograph them both tomorrow! has a bunch of scholarship essays to to read can't argue with that but we like everything loud! first time?! isnt it amaze!! Major standoff in my house right now...my wife wants to watch "The Notebook" and I'd like to watch Tosh.O omg I know I always get quiet >_< "What is with these a-holes bunting?!" Kim said frustratedly. i broke my phone :( ill b gettin a new 1 shortly ...DM me nd ill hit u later...but thanx Join former #Tigers P Dave Rozema and members of the Babe's family this Sat at Nemo's in #Detroit for the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party im trying. I did stop making those movies though. #TwoArtistsOneCup. That's a start that would preempt the need for a frying pan with smoke detector & fire extinguisher, which I thought I needed. who got they ass beat cuz? laundry...out of sight, definitely out of mind. And that human flaw has served me well, in this case. ;-) What's your name? So proud of my accomplishments not only as a person but as a DJ. Ive come so far & I dont plan on stopping anytime soon One day I'll be famous and people will actually care what I tweet.But by then.Twitter will be gone probably. You should step in my shoes and walk a mile, and then see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile. hope u had a safe flight!!! have fun!! keep up the great work. Always enjoy your articles. just never call me honey, irks me to know end lol Gorgeous Day #Chicago -- take advantage of #IndustryNight $3 Jameson shots, $4 draught #beer & 50% off all food & select bottles of you could ply her with alcohol first! oh, wait, that could backfire... hey! cant stop thinkin...do yall do concerts private 4 people? i hope! my only bday dream! april 2...embassy suites...memphistn Barrett is here. Garden is coming along. My wife's been craving potato salad lately - are you sure you're not pregnant? Austin i love you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy Feeling happy, excited, grateful... Not looking at you - Im looking pass you Thats funny enough. “: I'm knew to this tweet shit. Chatta” Its called "Brutally" Honest because it hurts.... now take those tears to someone who cares TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^ Thanks for the introduction. , Look forward to hearing all about the upcoming Miami photo-walk you have planned! Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!? Lazy Saturday... GO RAMS!! RT : Say it loud. Say it proud. Everyone knows that cats crave grass. Instinctive Choice canned cat food contains dog grass extract. we love you... I don't know why I even bother to try and nap. My phone rings off the hook and I'm a dumbass that won't turn it off in case of emergency. Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet That Polish was delicious, and your music was also wonderful. I love Social D. Hope you're all having a wonderful winter break! What're some of your holiday plans? Oh, me neither. It's strange trying to connect with folks on here sometimes, definitely different from anything else I've used. great to meet you tonight w/ ! Can't wait for March 23! that awkward moment when you're the only person on the planet with a smart phone that's dumb... I feel ya sista! Any time with food=best time of the day Tomorrow is the day, my LAST day of my undergraduate career. I can walk out knowing I've achieved something so significant, a BSBA degree. #RochMN this hours $1000 challenge match has already been matched! Call 507.286.8742 to make your pledge now! #FF hey thanks you for the mention and for add me on your page Hey buddy congrats on the f&w nod. Been a long time. Hope you are well what contest are u in? Tweet the link to me Good Morning hope that ur bac to 100% looking 4ward to seeing that sparkle in ur smile in HD! pleased to tweet you! that is really, really cool. But had a GREAT day , & Naomie was stupid smacked ! Some days I feel like EVERYONE hates me -_- Not a text on my phone in the past 2 hours:( YES and YES gorgeous all around! :) I think their should be a show about digital file #hoarders. If there was I'd be the star. Do I really need ad proofs from 2 jobs ago? I felt it this time! hey folks whats going on in this twitter world? Everyone blames the weatherman. time to create another mix..... Very classy! Mike ’s Early View of the News April 27, 2012 Banks cooperate to track Occupy protesters The world ’s biggest banks are working with Hey, people who walk around glaring, we would be more pleasant to you if we weren't so afraid. Yes... see, I started another twitter account and thought this one can be fun for me to rant and other can be professional. Congratulations & welcome!!! RT : : Just got accepted into 's one-year, #IMBA program! Today is Wednesday and that means $1.00 breakfast Tacos $1.00 coffee and $1.00 juice Made Fresh to order NOT FAST PREMADE FOOD!! I support you 100% your great and everything you do and your gorgeous! Please follow me!! "Alien Behind Obama While Saying Im God Chroma Key " Yeah sure I'll click this vide......WAIT HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE! Wahh the week is almost over, back to school Monday *tear* :'( amazon is teasing me then! AH yeah with the nah nah nah yatti yatti ya lol Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products. Have a good weekend everyone! You have a boyfriend. Quit flirting with other guys. Thank you for the follow... :) - Just now saw you're moving to Amsterdam. What for? Semi-related: I have an old song called "Damster" about my short time there in '92 Apparently my twitter updates are offensive.I would give the finger to those who agree but I am a lady & its a Church day.Have a blessed day I just bought dayquil & mucinex DM i was taking robitussin but it wasn't cutting it “: Are you a fan of #AmericanRestoration? Tune in to HISTORY now.” No it's pure shite. I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info? Off to OSCon in a two-prop plane! section 110, row e & the lone person in the stadium wearing a Marquette jersey. I could come meet you anywhere when you're free Off to the City of Palm Coast's Arbor Day. Come see us at Both #37 for live honey bees, honey & lots of stinging insect nest samples Thanks! Just downloaded it ;-) early this week is kind of crazy- you wanna grab coffee on Friday a.m.? NO GREEN SHOES. Bo. Michigan does not have a higher police conduct rate than the national average. You can do a hard reset yourself. The instructions are on the last page of the guide book. Tweet us if you need more help :) Look for the Sunday Funnies tomorrow they are supposed to be 9/11 themed. #9/11 QoTD: "Your temper is like a fire. It gets very destructive when it gets out of control." (Unknown) I turned on the radio after the gym in hopes of hearing Mumford & Sons "Little Lion Man"...played 30secs later =) My mom is gonna buy me ticket to 1D's concert We cant afford VIP and it stinks but i get to see you guys in concert<3 you Germany = no fresh fish It's Friday the 13th all right. My computer crashed and I lost my ISP. 47 miles later I'm back onlline. . . New 1080P Apple TV is in stock at Millersville & Lanham. Get 'em while they are in stock. We sold out our last batch! I'm on a plane to NYC She did an AMAZING job playing Effie!! I just saw #TheHungerGames last night and loved it! Have I said that I really love my iPad? I'm sure I have, but I just wanted to say it again. Tried to hit up the UPS store tonight, to box up our food, and send it Oregon, for when we get there; but it was closed when we got there :/ I do miss those days. One Day At a Time.... (See what I did there? Do ya?) aww im sorry. ha yes. I will join a fantasy league next week because of it. Always Sunny is a GREAT suggestion. I'm on it! R.I.P. Dino De Laurentiis Avengers? FREAKING FANTASTIC !!!!! :D #Educause10 Is there a site out there that makes it easy to do localized #crowdsourcing. Ex/ rate #ideas on how to improve campus community No!!! The done canceled mah favorite soap! It's bad when your own friends dont even like you TRAFFIC - Semi Rollover - EB 90/94 @ the MM90 (between Lake Delton & Baraboo exits) Semi in the median, no blockage, Upgrading to iOS5 at 3 in the morning seems to keep my phone from running into problems is so funny AND right on. We are all secret shoppers & reporters . ..which is..what?That the electronically mediated is less emotionally deep/true? Of course :) I will be on at 5pm CENTRAL to discuss Health Reform, all the good it's doing for millions, and the :) you survived! Did the music panel happen already? If not, when is it? We want to wish everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving! I'm watching the #Caps game w/ , talking about why you are too cool to come to only bitch niggas ride in limos could be! it's the time of year when the undercoat comes off. undercoat is often white. When I have to fight the urge of thinking about you <<< One day the people Who doubted me will look back and say We doubted Him and Doubted he Would make it. But we forgot to Check his<U+2764> Literally saw this puddgy guy with a tripple X tat on the back of his neck... Wow... SMH.. Yaa... Lolz Saltalamacchia's HR means there's only one team left with 0 HR from its catchers this year. That would be Joe Mauer's why don't u play ? Las Vegas screening is tomorrow! Saturday 10 a.m. at LV Film Fest at LV Hilton. We know its early - just stay up all night and sleep after. Time to dig out from 4" snow. Will enjoy a cup of organogold green tea after. It gives a good energy boost! #Bears gettin the ball on the 3 yard line.... Tune in this should be interesting!! Thin "lifeless" tone?...try some flatwounds on your bass,they are old school "voodoo" ask somebody! what did you do? Shoutout to for being on the today show and killing it If you don't write out the instructions for the gadget you're making in good and proper English, it is won't be built right. Thank you, she seems fine today, it was weird, she'd puke then go eat then puke, a bulemic puppy? she hasn't done it today. :-) & I play shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers....": Obama is a constitutional scholar,..." Come enjoy a cold beer on this nice sunny day in the U-District! $3 drafts, $2 domestic bottles, $3.50 imported/microbrews. G'night B! Check out The Universal Negro Creed Paddy () says, "Don't say stupid things in public." Word. kissing grits can't be good for the lips..... thank you! Loving mommyhood & I know you are too! Did some awesome editing for the END its coming along. I can't wait. with when are you coming to #SanFrancisco ??? I proudly signed and am pushing this petition along in my sphere of influence. Let's keep it going! ":haha im workin on it. its a tough game" very very hard and you thought catching a bullet pass and getting smashed was hard but caring is sharing... Tonight is college night at Mo's Irish Pub! Head downtown for great deals and DJ entertainment! Burke with BurrelsLuce: Set SMART objectives: Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, Timely. The average cat sleeps about 2/3 of the day Check out the "events" tab on our facebook page for more details on the Left Coast Live music festival and make sure to click "attending!" Success is a state of mind. Anything you want you can have! Just dream, believe you deserve it and work your butt off to get them. austin's curly hair is so sexy. Just watched a girl spill beer on her Manolos & then throw them in the trash Any chance of getting these clip links for later? Ran 6 yesterday and 5 today. That's gotta be some kind of record! Cool! Thank you! I think I'm going to plant some just didn't realize how many varieties there are. I had to drop off truck 8 AM Sat to fix windshield. Wait 2 hours. What to do? OMG next door is a Denny's! What would we do without Dennys!! I think I'll try defying gravity<3 Classic, both dudes aced it. . Debating whether to even come to school -_-. Bowled a 190, 5 strikes in a row RT I want a kindle fire Dr. Turner: what makes a video go viral: engage, emotion, surprise, target sharers. Walker is like Bagdad Bob. Their are no Americans in Bagdad. As US tanks roll past in the shot. Thanks, Susan! And thanks for listening last weekend :) RT UNDERSTAND U MAKIN UR MONEY BUT WE NEED OUR QUEEN DIVA BAC HOME...U R MISSED ill b home Sunday thanks! Missn it Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT Getting bullied? stick something in their butthole......there is no come back to being penetrated The Veterans Open Support Group meets each Friday at 4:30PM (1030 E Brady St) Details at www.dryhootch.org. My daugther, 8 1/2 yr old, Chloe is hosting a back to school sleepover for the 2nd year....80's themed...mom loves that but my nerves won't! do u have vacuum envy? Doing fine so far :) How can you sleep with the knowledge that you will never be able to read every book in the world. ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha Does anyone out there still use Lard??? today is a day to thankful for all our family and friends Yeah ! ! Tweeting on a treadmill is good for balance too-ha ha. Stopped after 2 or 3 completely misspelled tweets. Best quotes of the night: "I think mermaids are really making a comeback" "it was stupid retarded!" "is that a calendar?" (no, it's an LP) Jst Finished Listenin 2 Take Care.. Drake Killed Doe you two are something else This sun feels great..!! At Champions Barbershop, we'll be rolling with you guys til the very end! Keep going hard, championships are coming! and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3 Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!... Many times in ours lives we may be a fool, act a fool, play a fool, or even love a fool but 1 of the worst things we can do is STAY A FOOL! To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow. love is friendship set on fire About to try ! See what all the buzz is about. i remember when you asked me, i was so happy i ran up to matthew and tackled him, i told him i so happy my eyes were watering up. My Twitter Fans: Follow them all!!! This at least at this point, appears to be good news for Peyton moving forward...also makes the Colts plans for the future muddy..Thoughts?? That is, perhaps, the best benefit of living alone. I like Blount so I'm glad Richardson isn't going to TB. Guessing they will go Claiborne now, and then try to trade Talib people need to RT this and help me get more followers! :D i could be wrong here but they do trade carbon credits in the u.s. Thanks for the RT. Let's keep the writing going! can you give me a #FollowBack you're such an inspiration!! #muchlove Jas! What's your preferred way to watch mobile TV? RIP Heavy D What a beautiful Pittsburgh day! Mom, dad & I are going for a walk later...can't wait! Check in later for photos of my preschool graduation! Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad. Thanksgiving program at TCS was outstanding. Happy Thanksgiving all! Eenie meenie miny moe, caught u cheating with tht hoe. U tried lying to my face, think again, u've just been replace xD Boarding plane to Havana. Will be back Saturday..Cheers. Are you a very jealous and insecure person? What's up with the hate? oh sorry I will repost it European players grow the interest in MLS; younger DP's grow the quality. Thinking interest is 1st priority now. I thought first period was super long <U+0001F61E> we hangin out the window its bouta be a suge knight hahaha i thought it was kinda easy too... yeah, we're both screwed lmao Who do you think you are. Running around leaving scars. Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart Cotto got on pink knee high socks... He lost already (&I) agree Team iLuminate Best! SamB made me laugh. Loved Zuma Zuma Taylor Davis nice voice wrong song selection Fatally - good What would happen if George Washington climbed down from his Mt Vernon pedestal and made moves on Man/Woman? LUV! Still plenty tix for I Do! Running for a Cause: Top 10 Accessories for Any Runner - Yahoo! Sports I got a Geronimo Stilton in Chinese today. I refuse to believe I ordered it. hell yeah it was so crazy and the weather was nice as hell .. next trip u hav to come Love is a game that two can play and both win. Eva Gabor Heading to KC today. Just can't get good barbeque any closer to home. “ Whyy we always argue bout the same thing .”' Man lol where at? i miss my childhood super interesting interview with warren littlefield on right now! FaceBook? Add me I'll accept it! i need a song that will make me happy wat should i listen too anyone?? Headed to the hills for camping and meteor shower watching. If the #supermoon isn't too bright to see them! Is it lip service or lifestyle? Dr. Baylor Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then. ~John Wooden~ But In The End iStill Love her . Just watched Mexico City native Manuel De Landa's 'Raw Nerves' - described as a "Lacanian thriller." fFels familiar. Had McDonalds for the 1st time in months. Should have went to drummer baby to the splash pad Can't wait to get to Brooklyn. Love the Polar Bear Pete tank... send me an email so we can meet up! That's why I like a family recipe - keep it exclusive, keep it alive! It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me Can't stop thinking about how bad the old me screwed the new me out of a chance with the girl of my dreams Haha a three way belt. Currently in the fanciest Target I've ever seen! #DontBeScared of the hurricane.We are going to be fine <3 Yes Please :) How can we make that happen? Don't say something without think first! The best way to say somenting is by thinking first. yah but people do that at Lux. Greinke/Lincecum is must-see TV. Okay Ross(: QUESTION FOR YOU :D Choose!: Batman or Superman? ^.^ don't judge him CONNOR! we can't all be good at everything! i got your back So you made it yesterday after all. Congratulations! Keep it up. Thanks for the open dialogue tonight & Dipping my feet into the Pacific. It's actually warmer than the air! You know you're not working very hard when...you're using the wrong hand to control your mouse... every time I see "something/something/bluegrass/something else" in a band's genre title I'm all "pshh" and you aren't ghetto. Molly: 333 professors have signed our petition, so some are being driven out by the climate here. We're immensely wealthy. Wonder if the Amish buy their kids Christmas Presents from the Cracker Barrel Toy Shop. going to take a leap in the brackets tomorrow? I'm such a lazy girl today. Geez. X Amazing artist created a rad design that all of us are stoked to share with you! Arriving soon from Gulu! my agent it's having me wait on workshops, but actors connection and one on one are the two biggies... just saw your tweet -- hooking up your computer is no problem. Tomorrow I just want to drink coffee, listen to music and read. #HOWTOPISSAMANOFF ASK HIM TO PAY YOUR MORTGAGE maybe if u kept ur white phone you'd attract ur perfect Asian man. Think about it. first of all...thank u Lord for waking me up.... ok and absolutly no patience It's a wonder why I am not heavier considering how I eat my feelings! Gynesis & Mobile Team Tour Dates for Tree Braids & More are at www.hairgynesis.com we're coming. L.A. Aug 6 D.C. Aug 17 Totally obsessed with this Globsters band. "Pretty women, rockin' and rollin'. Give me a beer. I'm high as a kite." Genius song!! You Never Know How Strong You Are...Until Being Strong Is The Only Choice You Have.<3 Whale's Vagina should be the nickname of Petco Park. Hey who knows when #thegoodwife season premiere is? Each day I fall more in love wit my baby :* , he's my blessing <3 , anyways at work 12-830 30 Young Cancer Warriors (Version #4) yes, today is a BIG day for us! You r welcome to stop by for dinner :) Signing a new client in Brunswick, Ga. today...another nonprofit looking for Strategic Fundraising Solutions. Please let me know how I can… Tami is really Evil, she needs prayers. And Suzie is annoying the crap out of me right now. She's so stupid! Thanks for the follow.. please spread the word to help me reach my goal of 1000.. Thanks MissAlexisTodd follow me!! Ill buy them off you for $20 .. #Sketchers Quick get Rich Scheme lol Thing that SUCKS is that I HATE having to be quiet about it. ugh. Can't wait for the clearing to share! Meant Dake not Sake its disrespectful to yourself to strive for the least. it success to strive for the most. I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in español. :p You're hysterical & created a cult of Chuck Norris fans can't wait to hear you speak Welcome to the 90s baby <3 I'm looking forward to our trip to chi-town this weekend!!! Who men think they can control any female its like what are you a whitch cause you don't have much charrm Thank you! And now and I are listening to Godspell. No, really. Holler Thanks for the RT! A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson I KNOW I don't want to get hit on but that was a very wise salesman and a gourmet moose shit maker. We love chronic pain research! watchin pawn stars. bored. cold. lucky!! I get them off in like another year and a half!! :( #Bleu is looking for an online editorial director . If you are interested send your resume to . NY residents a plus Raffle crew getting ready to sell tickets to the Ravens folks. no! *stomps off* lol Well, that's 90 minutes I'm never getting back. Thanks, Saint! - Taco Tuesday's and Slider Wednesday's !!! I finally know what it feels like to be 16 years old! Now I can finally start writing bad rockabilly songs about driving cars! idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet We lost one of boxings true legends tonight. Smoking Joe has been called home. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Frazier family. you owe me a visit gangster. "You can't say pussy properly, you sound like a DICKHEADDDD" - ctfu i love her<U+0001F62D><U+0001F602> You mean like words symbolizing other things? Rigorous training builds strong ascedians RT I don't discriminate on my "hard time" giving I freaking love him lol Two classes and the weekend begins! Miranda, Chris, and Jerrod tonight! Why thank you Ms. Battiste it just happens to run in our family ;) hey you! How's life! sean penn can burn in hell, same with bruce springsteen Yeah he do... lmao. Are the same 6 of you clicking my photo links every time, or is it kinda random? likewise. It went really well! I'm gonna throw the video online next week or so. Can't wait to come to CHI town soon! Lakers disappointing me! Oh its my fav T-Ara song! Had a long day fina lay it down for 2nite That means . Now following back In San Juan. Enjoying ourselves. In $an Diego Sparks.....wheres the spot to on a West Coast Sat night? making a video via social media can put a very personal face to a brand, but make sure it is relevant This Buckeyes/Orange game should be over by midnight. Maybe. If the refs ever let them play. Embarrassing. hahahah i'm already knowin.. You been driving crazy since i was a Scrub in yo passenger hangin out the window wildin.. We will be ***OPEN*** Easter Sunday at 11AM #outofhandgame tip? Don't take the bait!!!! is cute as fuck!(: thank you!! Why can't I go back to my childhood Congrats on 45 years of bookselling ! Check 'em out for anniversary discounts, a cool trivia contest and great books! Might we ask why you feel this way? "Search Ebscobost" dropdown Moodle block: very cool, UM librarians damn was it it good? Andy Hughes and David Alan Rech up to bat next with Achieving an XML-First Workflow in the Odet at 3:15 #pbc12 Head over now! you too. Downtown at The Gallery, Just got fitted for a show Great nap. Now off to workout.. Aw, I totally thought it was Mike and thought he was being a sneaky bitch! I feel bad, I have participated in bullying haven't I? omg me to. #FF BECAUSE #FUCKYOU support your local pgh face melter. Laugh, hate and destroy. "Believe!" - Rob Mitchell you're the man! Have a blast. Miss that place. Time to start this day. I have shit to do and stupid to fight. Congrats! : It's official, I'm moving to Marketing and Public Affairs! it's alright it just means ur unique I jus realized that I got a bigass head! What makes something impossible? It became impossible when you called it that. Note to self: 'Change the way I think' Afta I get done watchin LaLa imma watch Nightmare On Elm Street 2 and wait for my baby ta get home :} We worked hard today in #JOUR1550 and and I only have a little left to do and put that Weebly page together! #NowWatching #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER Hello from Baltimore, MD! love the Chapmans! Missed you guys! RT if you like tha rap name Young KRhymes! K + Rhymes, pronounced Crimes. R E T W E E T!!! We just got a ping pong table, all right #Denver startups, be prepared for some competition ;) where r u going for 2:15 session? I'm currently at Mile High 2ab and moving to 1ab so could we meet briefly? aww tyler is hosting the #newyears thing for mtv :) Private tutoring for Kids from K-12 and Special Challenged Kids! NL_Magazine thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter! Rep. Baldwin said today she is "seriously exploring" running for Kohl's seat in 2012. But you're not counting the sartorial vote from Prefect! Start studying the food chapters. I'm comin MIT makes everything ready BOSTON Pickles are Cucumbers soaked in EVIL If you're in Philly tomorrow, stop by Union Trust at 4:30 or so. It's a free casino party thing; all proceeds go to my amazing brother. Cosentino: Don't make the same mistake twice. If it's twice, it's a pattern. If it's a pattern, It's a problem. and do you mean Sharp beautiful or Kane at Mifflin beautiful? haha. STILL LOOK GOOD Josh Hamilton is good at baseball If my body had a feature that allowed me to go deaf temporarily, this would be an excellent time: grandmarc fire alarm has gone off 7x today Thanks 4 following :) lets chat latter this morning. Ill drop u a line I don't need a religious version of a prescription. I don't need answers about the nature of God, the universe and eternity. How boring! I hope so too! How to make librarians groan: Tell them your department wants students to use an in-house citation style. Check out Traildance Awards Ceremony streaming on UStream! will be live soonish! i have no idea. im a terrible nba expert. i just watch the clippers mostly and then i bag on the lakers haha. Via for Oct '11 "184M US net users watched online video / avg of 21.1 hrs per viewer / total US audience viewed 42.6B videos" Wow! get prepared. ...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan Not to slack off on other award winners at #hhawards but I can't spell their names! Oops! You can read about them in tomorrow's Let's go Penguins! - How ya doin' over there? :) Its a great day to make the world a better place! Tomorrow lets start judging by values not value. **Slots open April 27th and 28th, hit me up! ** rainy first real day of summer in st. louis = 2 farmer's markets (!!) and best grilled cheese ever cannot wait! Rod Stryker! I'm SO jealous. Please go to the crumpet shop in Pike Place and have a crumpet for me. Or five. mic to receiver to laptop to PA system, I think. The new scoreboards will be done for 2012, the South end zone renovations will be done for 2013. Sweet! If you need anything please let us know! I do not want them to meet in the NCAA which is entirely possible. I want to be able to root for both teams. Thanks kindly...-BF I'm all so very thankful for Oliver. God is so good, I'm so glad He gave me him. I've never met someone so humble and dope at the same time I already checked. Shit go hard my nigga! !! LeBron James YOU ARE A CHOKE ARTIST DON'T BE MAD @ THE WORLD CAUSE THEY INVESTED SOO MUCH IN THE lil 3 CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE Both Tauruses. Mine's coming up this Sunday. Planning a party for my friend. Any suggestions on venues? Getting ready for The Big Read events at Columbia...so cool! Happy Tuesday!!! Come visit our 50% OFF table for cute finds! I've gotten some questions thanks guys :) I'll answer them now Reguardless of what these dance movies lead you to believe, dance battles do not make you hard. Lol Fight with everything you have, just to take that extra step forward, and show them what your made of! Real Shxt The Brave You should go straight to "He Loved Him Madly" on Get Up With It, and sink into the floor. RT : Heads up to parents with a child on #autism spectrum: there is an #autismchat happening right now. Just search the hashtag. O! Me!! Need to be back by 4pm, tho. Possible? wow I love fresh pineapple Snazzy new site man. Plus quite a few things I hadn't seen before! Lol. Watch, in a few weeks, some "other club" will have a tweet off. Let haters and replicators be your motivators! Love y'all too! <U+E404> #500 tweet S/O to everyone following. Outside on patio. Today 71. Tomorrow 50. Ohio sucks. um.. ok. walking dead later on tonite! I dress up every day for all the different varieties of tools at my school. I just care so much about what they think of me. #ICantStandPeople who wear crocks. Thanks, Nancy! Glad you like them! yes yes!! But rehoboth is on the east coast? What's next?! Glad everyone is okay. Do you know how it started? well... we'll see you soon then! From all at us at SenSpa we hope you had a very happy holidays! At the Denver airport waiting for the shuttle. I see that the airport, while technically near Denver, is still in the middle of nowhere. Sessions, yes, crying. YAYY!!! Text me twin FYI I only read your blog every few days because then it's like getting an angry 20 pc nugget instead of 4. Well, that new heart didn't quite make Dick Cheney Mr. Nice Guy. Had a great time exploring Shakespeare's Sonnets last night! where are you, we need an #LSDO reunion At the eye doctor...I have a feeling my eye sight is getting progressively worst You can't accomplish one goal by just writing them down. Get familiar with HAVE, BE, DO. Being from the hood is overrated. I've seen more famous people in the year and a half ive lived in Chicago than I did in over 3 years of living in LA. and I are celebrating our 100th DM. I DIDN't laugh at yours! i was laughing at your face lol can't wait to shoot. Fun, fun, fun! Anchorage it is official...we have sunshine! Let spring begin and please, please for the sake of our eyes wash your cars and trucks! your suppose to stareat it then blink really fast at a wall :) Women know how to fake smiles. Men know how to fake feelings. i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha I hope you find someone else that treats you nice, opens doors and pays the check :) I'm awake. That's a start. Nah, it's over anyway. ;) Ha. Feel free to bring it and .... #henryville science teachers get to hand-pick lab supplies, materials to replace what was lost in tornado. See what they got on #fox59 at 4! just think if you and brandon come back with all the recruits we will hang that banner next year man Been done tripping cause I already fell. #StartOver naw ill just pick up where I left off #kingofkings .... Take game one and don't look back. thank you kindly. We have great photogs & I'm really happy if we can make their work shine more it is so tempting! ;) Tweet ya laters girlie! Thanks #NP The Carter IV since Ur tweets had it playing in My head RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate* idk you see me ? ": You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. -Taylor Swift" Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card Hogan: replace things like marital status, birthdate w basic elements like marriage contracts, births Me: OK *if* you have that info. Hm...#Celtics vs #76ers. Too bad there's no history between them in the playoffs. RT - power rankings #nfl 2 New England: 90 I doubt Brady will throw for 8000 yards Lycos founder seeks new breed of Web pioneers Planning to go for ZNMD...has anybody seen it yet? Does drunk running count? Wow!!!! We scored anyway!!!! True. But there's a different thrill to ice hockey for me. A lot of heart, athleticism, and hustle, multiplied by playoffs and OT It's Sunday- so I will be giving 0 fucks today <U+0001F44D> The American heath care system is more like a disease care system. A system focused more on disease rather than the person - Omg! do I have a really bad case of #VINNYVIRUS ?Cause now everywhere I look I see the word GRAND(: lol, I love being a grand Owen I don't think the scotchies are going to make it to the dells. People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. FILMING CBS TODAY... THE MAYOR OF CLEVELAND 216 ITS HERE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM ANY 1 NEED MY COMEDY 4 ANYTHING HIT ME possibly depends on availability museum has gone way up in price. Tribute is still a decent price point Come to Annenberg Room 3 TODAY from 12:30- 1:00 to hear about our new study away program in SOUTH AFRICA!! Local pres of planned parenthood "thrilled" at komen reversal. lmao not exactly. About to watch this Mayweather fight!! Now sitting in mcdonalds, alone. :( Just signed contract at Imperial Theatre in August, GA for show on Thurs, APR 12th. Journey begins to fill 840 seats. If u r there... I like your statement better than mine: my favorite experimental music reveals the simple in the complex.
